CFA INSTITUTE RESEARCH FOUNDATION /  MONOGRAPH
LARRY CAO, CFA  
EDITORHANDBOOK OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
AND BIG DATA APPLICATIONS IN 
INVESTMENTS
CAOMONOGRAPH / HANDBOOK OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
AND BIG DATA APPLICATIONS IN INVESTMENTS



LARRY CAO, CFA, EDITORHANDBOOK OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE 
AND BIG DATA APPLICATIONS IN 
INVESTMENTS

© 2023 CFA Institute Research Foundation. All rights reserved.
Neither CFA Institute Research Foundation, CFA Institute, nor the publication’s editorial staff is responsible for facts and opinions 
presented in this publication. This publication reflects the views of the author(s) and does not represent the official views of 
CFA Institute Research Foundation.
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including 
photocopy, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, without permission of the copyright holder. Requests 
for permission to make copies of any part of the work should be mailed to: Copyright Permissions, CFA Institute, 915 East High 
Street, Charlottesville, Virginia 22902. CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute. To view a 
list of CFA Institute trademarks and the Guide for the Use of CFA Institute Marks, please visit our website at www.cfainstitute.org .
CFA Institute does not provide investment, financial, tax, legal, or other advice. This report was prepared for informational pur -
poses only and is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, investment, financial, tax, legal, or other advice. 
CFA Institute is not responsible for the content of websites and information resources that may be referenced in the report. 
Reference to these sites or resources does not constitute an endorsement by CFA Institute of the information contained therein. 
The inclusion of company examples does not in any way constitute an endorsement of these organizations by CFA Institute. 
Although we have endeavored to ensure that the information contained in this report has been obtained from reliable and up-to-
date sources, the changing nature of statistics, laws, rules, and regulations may result in delays, omissions, or inaccuracies in 
information contained in this report.
Photo credit: yangyang / Moment / Getty Images
ISBN: 978-1-952927-33-1Statement of Purpose
The CFA Institute Research Foundation is a not-for-profit organization established to promote the development 
and dissemination of relevant research for investment practitioners worldwide.

DEDICATION
In memory of Frank Reilly, CFA, whose unwavering commitment to high-quality research and investment education had a 
profound and enduring impact on countless colleagues and students. His contribution to the CFA Institute community will 
always be remembered.

BIOGRAPHY
Larry Cao, CFA , is senior director of research at CFA Institute. His research interests include multi-asset strategies and fintech, 
such as artificial intelligence (AI), big data, and blockchain. Mr. Cao has led the development of a series of research publications 
on fintech and AI in investments, including “FinTech 2017: China, Asia, and Beyond”; “FinTech 2018”; “AI Pioneers in Investment 
Management”; and “T-Shaped Teams: Organizing to Adopt AI and Big Data at Investment Firms.” His book Multi-Asset Strategies: 
The Future of Investment Management  has been translated into Chinese. Mr. Cao is a frequent speaker at industry conferences 
on these topics.
During his time pursuing graduate studies at Harvard University and as a visiting scholar at MIT, he co-authored a paper with 
Nobel Laureate Franco Modigliani, published in the Journal of Economic Literature . Mr. Cao has over 20 years of investment 
industry experience. Previously, he worked at HSBC as a senior manager for the Asia-Pacific region. Mr. Cao began his career 
at the People’s Bank of China as a US dollar fixed-income portfolio manager. Later, he worked for Munder Capital Management, 
managing US and international equity portfolios, and Morningstar/Ibbotson Associates, managing multi-asset investment 
programs for a global institutional clientele.
Mr. Cao has been interviewed by numerous business media outlets, including Bloomberg, CNN, the Financial Times , 
the South China Morning Post , and the Wall Street Journal .

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  vPL Qualified
ActivityThis publication qualifies for 4.75 PL credits under the guidelines  
of the CFA Institute Professional Learning Program.CONTENTS
INTRODUCTORY MATERIAL
Preamble viii
Margaret Franklin, CFA
Foreword ix
Aaron Low, PhD, CFA
Notes from the Reviewers xii
About the Contributors xiii
Introduction xiv
Larry Cao, CFA
I. MACHINE LEARNING AND DATA SCIENCE APPLICATIONS IN INVESTMENTS
1. On Machine Learning Applications in Investments 2
Mike Chen, PhD, and Weili Zhou, CFA (Robeco)
2. Alternative Data and AI in Investment Research 20
Ingrid Tierens, PhD, CFA, and Dan Duggan, PhD (Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research)
3. Data Science for Active and Long-Term Fundamental Investing 27
Kai Cui, PhD, and Jonathan Shahrabani (Neuberger Berman)
II. NATURAL LANGUAGE UNDERSTANDING, PROCESSING,  
AND GENERATION: INVESTMENT APPLICATIONS
4. Unlocking Insights and Opportunities with NLP in Asset Management 32
Andrew Chin, Yuyu Fan, and Che Guan (AllianceBernstein)
5. Advances in Natural Language Understanding for Investment Management 56
Stefan Jansen, CFA (Applied AI)
6. Extracting Text-Based ESG Insights: A Hands-On Guide 70
Tal Sansani, CFA (Off-Script Systems and CultureLine.ai) and Mikhail Samonov, CFA  
(Two Centuries Investments and CultureLine.ai)
III. TRADING WITH MACHINE LEARNING AND BIG DATA
7. Machine Learning and Big Data Trade Execution Support 92
Erin Stanton (Virtu Financial)
8. Machine Learning for Microstructure Data-Driven Execution Algorithms 100
Peer Nagy, James Powrie, PhD, and Stefan Zohren, PhD (Man Group)

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
vi  CFA Institute Research FoundationIV. CHATBOT, KNOWLEDGE GRAPHS, AND AI INFRASTRUCTURE
9. Intelligent Customer Service in Finance 108
Xu Liang, PhD (Ping An OneConnect)
10. Accelerated AI and Use Cases in Investment Management 122
Jochen Papenbrock, Doctorate (NVIDIA)
11. Symbolic AI: A Case Study  131
Huib Vaessen (APG Asset Management)

INTRODUCTORY MATERIALHANDBOOK OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
AND BIG DATA APPLICATIONS IN  
INVESTMENTS
This book can be found at cfainstitute.org/ai-and-big-data

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
viii  CFA Institute Research FoundationPREAMBLE
At CFA Institute, our mission is to lead the investment 
profession globally by promoting the highest standards 
of ethics, education, and professional excellence for the 
ultimate benefit of society.
In particular, the closing words—“the ultimate benefit 
of society”—speak directly to our desire to increase the 
positive real-world impact of investment management by 
helping to lead the industry forward and staying abreast of 
the latest trends, which include leading-edge research into 
adoption practices of artificial intelligence (AI) and big data.
While many still see AI and big data as a threat, we at CFA 
Institute have consistently advocated “AI + HI (human 
intelligence)” as the winning formula for successful finan -
cial institutions in the future. Finance professionals bring 
an important skill set to the table, and embracing the 
advancement of technology and finding ways to work in 
harmony with the evolving fintech landscape only lead to 
better outcomes for our clients and more efficient ways of 
working. Doing so does require a reimagination of corporate 
culture and, indeed, the skill sets required among teams to 
map to this evolution.
As artificial intelligence and big data become increasingly 
integrated into the investment process, we see this as an 
opportunity to ensure that those within the industry are well 
equipped to evaluate and incorporate these factors properly.
Much of this work remains in early stages throughout 
our industry. What makes our research efforts on these subjects stand out is our dedication to providing the 
investment professionals’ perspectives, which are so 
often glossed over in favor of the technical aspects of the 
way the technology functions. But we know the hard work 
comes when it is time to put these theories into practice. 
Early adopters’ combined experiences are particularly valu -
able for the industry at large in the implementation of new 
technology.
Beyond the research we have released to guide the 
industry on this journey, we are creating active learning 
opportunities for those in the industry who are interested 
in mastering the skills required to guide this adoption. Our 
recently launched professional learning course in data 
science stands as a prime example in action. We also con -
tinue to evaluate and evolve the curriculum of our flagship 
CFA® Program to take these factors into account.
We extend our deep thanks to our collaborators throughout 
the industry who have dedicated time and resources to 
this important work, ensuring the practical nature of this 
handbook and the integrity of the insights included. It is our 
hope that this handbook will equip the industry to adopt 
artificial intelligence and big data practices in a meaning -
ful way for the ultimate benefit of their clients. While the 
road to adoption can be challenging and complex, it is well 
worth the commitment. I hope you will find the same to be 
true on your own journey.
Margaret Franklin, CFA
President and CEO, CFA Institute
© 2023 CFA Institute Research Foundation. All rights reserved.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  ixFOREWORD
Looking back to the artificial intelligence (AI) work done 
during the 1980s and 1990s, the new advances in AI and 
machine learning (ML) over the past decade must surely 
seem compelling and evolutionary. Breakthroughs in deep 
learning methodologies and pedagogies are becoming 
mainstream at a rate never seen before in the marketplace. 
Many universities have introduced courses in fintech AI 
(mostly in the computer science, business finance, and 
mathematics departments), and financial professionals 
have piled into fintech courses for career development. 
And companies are feeding this frenzy with capital and 
recruitment, ranging from ML DevOps to data scientists 
and scrum teams. While some of the enthusiasm is hype 
and hyperbole, new discoveries, some of which are quite 
startling, have made real improvements in how we operate 
in financial markets.
My first experience in AI was in the early 1990s using ML 
algorithms in the high-frequency currency markets. Chaos 
bifurcation, fuzzy logic, genetic algorithms, and percep -
trons (early versions of the neural nets) were beginning 
to become popular in interpreting and trading quotes and 
prices as well as headline news counts during the late 
1980s and early 1990s. But almost as quickly as these 
approaches gained popularity, markets reverted back to 
conventional statistical models. There is reason to believe 
the current wave is more sustainable than previous ones. 
Development and computing costs have decreased, data -
sets are getting larger and better defined, ML code libraries 
have mushroomed, and evolving tech stack architectures 
are formed ever so quickly to move from development 
to staging to production. While it can sometimes seem 
to be a struggle to come to terms with the maze of new 
wide-ranging enhancements in such a complex space, 
I believe it is helpful to understand the cost–benefit 
relationships and how investment and business operating 
models can benefit from this frontier.
Let us start with language. Developments in natural lan -
guage processing (NLP) and deep learning are breaking 
boundaries that seemed difficult to breach before. Word 
embeddings that can infuse correlation (and thus mean -
ings) across words in vector space have vastly improved 
ML’s natural language understanding (NLU) and NLU capa -
bilities, complemented by an impressive corpus of trained 
and labeled datasets. This development has allowed the 
pervasive use of sentiment analysis in handling the huge 
amount of news and social transmissions of views and 
opinions. Recent developments of transformer models 
(e.g., Google’s LaMDA) are very close to understanding how 
we communicate and feel, which perhaps had a big role 
in considerably attenuating performance alphas for asset 
management. In addition, the introduction of multilayered architectures in neural networks has provided us a sense 
of nonlinear formulation of the data features, which has 
helped propagate the advent of deep learning without the 
mess of menial feature filtering and wrangling.
But we need to be aware of the challenges to harvesting 
good results. Sentiment analysis may work well in devel -
oped markets that have a free press. Producing similar out -
comes in developing countries with heavy news and social 
media censorship and state propaganda may be difficult. It 
is not realistic to assume that feature loadings would work 
with the same effect (without proper adjustments) in such 
diverse cultural and regime settings.
While many of the breakthroughs are impressive, there is 
still a long road to reaching (if it was ever possible) the Holy 
Grail of investments—namely, our ability to produce accu -
rate market forecasts. In this regard, it is useful to explore 
the differences between financial markets and other 
disciplines.
First is the importance of the time dimension. Financial 
analysis differs from most other sectors in the way that 
data obsolescence occurs, both in speed and manner. 
This is why we have time-series analysis, a special branch 
of statistics, that is almost dedicated to the behavior of 
financial data, as well as dataframes in Python pandas that 
make it possible to handle the time-dimension property of 
price data. Success in forecasting market prices depends 
heavily on time and chronological sequence of one asset 
vis-à-vis other assets. A consumer planning to purchase 
an iPhone will have little need to identify exactly when 
the X13 model price of $1,300 was offered. Conversely, 
a rational Apple investor would likely have to know the time 
at which Apple stock traded at, say, $150. Specifically, the 
decay in the information value of asset prices over time 
and the conditional information set contained in each asset 
price data point render the time stamp (of each piece of 
data) an important property of that data tuple.
This fact leads us to the important work done in GRU (gated 
recurrent unit), RNN (recurrent neural network), LSTM 
(long short-term memory), and attention (transformer’s 
encoder-decoder) models—all attempting to link period 
memory for each piece of data with some form of time 
embedding. Again, we find that the limitations of these 
various approaches leave the results wanting. Bayesian 
neural networks offer promising advantages on top of the 
time-sequence protocol. Possible solutions may borrow 
from how human brains are able to extract a distant 
memory by similar feature transformations rather than a 
hard-coded LSTM that has a limited time memory threshold 
or an attention encoder-decoder transformer that suffers 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
x  CFA Institute Research Foundationfrom a missing long-term context. The practical outcome at 
this stage would be that these networks would be excel -
lent in trading, market making, and arbitrage applications 
but have less success in long-term investment mandates.
For all the tasks attempted with AI in finance, the elephant 
in the room must surely be our machine’s ability to forecast 
markets. It is as aspirational as it is frustrating. Investment 
professionals constantly ask whether markets are efficient, 
while computer scientists question whether P = NP. If we 
believe that these two questions are related, then perhaps 
we may surmise that markets are efficient if and only if 
P = NP. The massive growth of exchange-traded funds 
(ETFs) versus active funds in developed capital economies 
reflects the increasing efficiencies in markets with big, 
credible data and computational power. Counterpose this 
perspective against the view within the computer science 
fraternity that P is not equal to NP (which implies that mar -
kets likely are not efficient), and we have potentially contra -
dicting beliefs. And if we give credit to common conjectures 
that markets become increasingly inefficient as the time 
series lengthens, then the Grossman–Stiglitz (1980) 
paradox—that the equilibrium level of market efficiency 
is driven by the market costs of skills and technology to 
produce alphas—makes a lot of sense.
Although the P = NP conjecture appears theoretical in 
nature, it has many implications for the various AI applica -
tions and solutions used in capital markets. Deep learning 
has rendered many non-forecast-based tasks (e.g., clus -
tering or categorization) in finance to be in the complexity 
class P. But stock market prediction problems are still 
mostly boxed in the NP class, implying that there is a good 
algorithm for checking a given possible solution but that 
there is not necessarily a good algorithm for finding solu -
tions. The evolution of AI and ML has given us better ways 
of understanding, but not inevitably solving the P versus 
NP problem. Although current states of AI can still fail to 
find a polynomial-time algorithm in a specified amount of 
time, this lens allows us to come closer to understanding 
whether markets can ever be truly efficient. And although 
it is possible to build an AI algorithm that searches for 
poly-time solutions to an NP-hard problem, it may also be 
that the world of predictions is of such complexity that no 
perfect solution exists. Notwithstanding this possibility, the 
practical approach for most stakeholders is to find the best 
available ML approach (among the prevailing sets used in 
markets) rather than figuring out the perfect solution.
If the current thinking is to improve AI models with new 
layers of intelligence embeddings, then it may also be 
helpful to evaluate the “efficient frontier” of competing 
models in terms of, say, performance versus complexity 
(as opposed to returns versus risk). For example, new work 
in metalearning seeks to design models that can learn 
new skills or adapt to new environments quickly with few 
training datasets. How do such dynamic (ever-changing common sense or comprehensive learning) demands affect 
how we train models?
There is no guarantee that the training set’s data-gener -
ating process will be the same in the test set in financial 
markets. Environments and how the markets perceive new 
information are constantly changing in global markets. 
Regime changes due to regulations, political economies, 
policy frameworks, technology, market participants, infor -
mation quality, and so on, can materially change feature 
impact in nonstationary ways and render training sets less 
effective at best and disastrous in worst-case scenarios. 
Even within the realm of explainable empirical solutions, 
there have been cases that rely too much on nonrepresen -
tative in-sample data to drive investment decisions. The 
use of copulas based on stable-period in-sample estima -
tion, which produced overly optimistic ratings of asset-
backed securities prior to the Global Financial Crisis (GFC), 
is a case in point.
Is the data-generation process (DCP) ergodic or stationary? 
A roulette game is very close to ergodic; the distribution 
of numbers that have come up in the past is very close to 
the probability distribution of numbers on the next spin. 
But a game of blackjack when dealt from a set of cards 
that are not reshuffled after each hand is much less ergo -
dic. This poses a tricky problem when the training, test, 
and actual data come from different DCPs. Price discovery 
and risk–return distributions are created from multidisci -
plinary viewpoints and opinions in a free marketplace, with 
varieties of frictions, costs, and regulatory constraints. 
This richness in contributing features can create nonsta -
tionarity and ergodic issues, making the DCP much more 
difficult to calibrate. We can attribute standard volatilities in 
prices to noise or lead–lag frictions in price discovery, but 
the continued presence of black swan events (fooling the 
best of machines and man) tells us that all is not perfect. 
Such market characteristics do suggest that current AI 
states are still better suited to areas of success enjoyed by 
human-operated models or, at least, AI models with close 
human supervision. This includes such examples as the 
higher rate of success in arbitrage trading strategies over 
forecast-driven approaches.
Finally, it is important to augment this discussion with the 
ability of AI to produce explainable results. ML projects are 
usually not standalone but are part of a corporate strategy. 
Naturally, all competing blueprints bubble up to the C-suite 
for sponsorship. Unknown risks commonly affiliated with 
unexplainable methodology can be construed as recipes 
for black swan–type events and derail even the most 
promising of programs.
For example, suppose someone offers you two investment 
plans. Plan A offers a 10-year success rate of 70% and is a 
strategy based on fundamentals that can be readily under -
stood. Plan B is marketed as a strategy that has a 10-year 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  xisuccess rate of 80% but is a black box or cannot be easily 
understood. Which plan would a typical investor choose? 
Most rational investors would likely prefer Plan A to Plan B. 
The weakness of statistical models lies in their limited abil -
ity to handle large feature sets (dimensions or variables) 
compared with ML algorithms. But statistical models pos -
sess an advantage that is still unmatched in AI models—
that is, the presence of an underlying theory that is based 
on fundamentals and intrinsic valuation drivers. This rein -
forcement layer of empirical data verification to human 
conjectures has always been the hallmark of research. ML 
may not necessarily be a black box, but there is a tendency 
of users to assume it is.
Although the Financial Stability Board (2017, p. 34) has 
indicated that progress in AI shows significant promise, 
regulators continue to be concerned that the “lack of 
interpretability will make it even more difficult to deter -
mine potential effects beyond the firms’ balance sheet, 
for example during a systemic shock. Notably, many AI and 
machine learning developed models are being ‘trained’ in 
a period of low volatility.” Reasons for such caution are 
not hard to find. The 1987 Black Monday stock crash was 
attributed by many to prevalent option-based program trad -
ing at that time. And in the subprime crisis of 2007, there 
appears to be evidence that the asymptotic independence 
modeling of the Gaussian copula used to price subprime 
default likelihood was based on a limited time dataset 
(stable cycle) and ignored the conventional wisdom that 
credit defaults tend to cluster.
Fortunately, there is an increasing body of work that 
attempts to shed light under the AI hood. An example is 
how Shapley (1953) values or SHapley Additive exPlana -
tion (SHAP) values for machine learning model features 
are providing interesting insights in much the same way that p-values are used for statistical models. Improving ML 
transparency in this way not only improves conviction in 
decision making, but it is also helping to build new research 
to further our understanding of deep learning.
To conclude, it bears mentioning that the current wave of 
AI does not relate only to new methodologies, big data, and 
computational power. The additional dimension this time is 
the democratization of AI, with the wide involvement of pro -
fessionals, researchers, educators, and policymakers. The 
massive allocation of resources in this field is testimony 
to the belief that the benefits are real. However, to make it 
sustainable beyond the hype of yet another wave, we need 
to take stock of the promise, manage our expectations, and 
continue to embrace differing approaches. We are proud to 
be part of this effort to support and disseminate the body 
of knowledge through this handbook.
Aaron Low, PhD, CFA
Chair, Board of Trustees,  
CFA Institute Research Foundation
References
Financial Stability Board. 2017. “Artificial Intelligence 
and Machine Learning in Financial Services: Market 
Developments and Financial Stability Implications” 
(1 November). www.fsb.org/wp-content/uploads/  
P011117.pdf .
Grossman, Sanford J., and Joseph E. Stiglitz. 1980. “On the 
Impossibility of Informationally Efficient Markets.” American 
Economic Review 70 (3): 393–408.
Shapley, Lloyd S. 1953. “A Value for n-Person Games.” 
Contributions to the Theory of Games  2 (28): 307–18.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
xii  CFA Institute Research FoundationNOTES FROM THE REVIEWERS
The integration of AI applications into the investment 
process is gradually becoming part of modern asset man -
agement as AI innovation happens at a rapid pace. I was 
delighted to recommend contributors to and review this 
handbook, a continuation of the work of CFA Institute in the 
area. Over the years, I have had the opportunity to engage 
with innovators, subject matter experts, and practitioners 
focused on the integration of AI in the investment pro -
cess and participated in spirited discussions as the risks, 
challenges, and realities of applications and, importantly, 
adoption, came to light and we moved from an AI revolution 
to evolution. 
While some think of AI and big data as a threat, there is an 
opportunity for AI and human intelligence to evolve together 
to drive better investor outcomes. This requires putting 
theory and potential use cases into practice. This handbook 
provides applications currently used by investment prac -
titioners, who share insights, successes, and challenges. 
Designed and curated by Larry Cao, this handbook is an 
invaluable reference for investment professionals on the 
road to adoption as AI innovation transforms our industry.
Carole K. Crawford, CFA
Managing Director, Americas and Global Events  
CFA Institute
We are in an era that is both blessed and cursed by data. 
The pace of our accumulating data is extraordinary, and 
that makes distilling insights from data harder than ever. 
When thinking about the investment process, I emphasize 
the integrity and quality of the decision-making process. 
However, both are difficult to achieve in real life.
Most of us are trained at school with a generalized foun -
dation of knowledge (broad based but shallow), and 
then we step into the real world during a certain period 
of time (experience is linked to a certain period). But the 
investment industry advocates specialization (depth of 
knowledge). Take myself as an example: I am an engineer 
by training, and I joined the investment industry just before 
the GFC and have been trained as a macro strategist. This 
means there is a built-in bias in the way I digest information 
(macro, not micro) and respond to the environment (strong 
risk aversion). Data science is a perfect tool to help mitigate 
these biases. State Super has been incorporating data 
science to support our decision-making process in the last 
seven years, and the output has been value accretive.When I was asked to review this book, I was super excited, 
partly because I wholeheartedly believe in the importance 
of topics included in this handbook and partly because we 
need such a publication in our industry. I hope everyone 
enjoys this book and makes it a companion on their data 
science journey in the following years.
Charles Wu, CFA
Chief Investment Officer,  
State Super SAS Trustee Corporation
President, CFA Society Sydney
It was very gratifying to have been asked to review this 
handbook. In my current role, I have had the opportunity to 
interact with numerous experts in the field of AI/ML invest -
ing and analysis and have gained an informed sense of the 
major breakthroughs and the extensive progress that have 
been made across the space in recent years. Having said 
that, many of the methods described in this handbook are 
still in the early stages of development. This seems to me, 
however, to be a strength; the reader takes away insights 
from practitioners who openly share their experiences in 
a dynamically changing environment, where trial and error 
remain part of the DNA.
Through engaging and straightforward writing, each 
chapter provides perspectives and often state-of-the-art 
methodologies on a different aspect of AI/ML in investing. 
The content is useful both for professional practitioners 
who are already working in the field and for those who are 
wishing simply to understand more about how these appli -
cations are rapidly changing the landscape of finance and 
investment management.
The chapters have been carefully selected and edited 
by Larry Cao, who can again be congratulated on pulling 
together a wide breadth of pertinent topics and authors 
and combining them with great skill.
Susan Spinner, CFA
CEO, CFA Society Germany

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  xiiiABOUT THE CONTRIBUTORS
Mike Chen, PhD, Robeco
Andrew Chin, AllianceBernstein
Kai Cui, PhD, Neuberger Berman
Dan Duggan, PhD, Goldman Sachs Global Investment  
Research
Yuyu Fan, AllianceBernstein
Che Guan, AllianceBernstein
Stefan Jansen, CFA, Applied AI
Peer Nagy, Man Group
Jochen Papenbrock, Doctorate, NVIDIA
James Powrie, PhD, Man GroupMikhail Samonov, CFA, Two Centuries Investments  
and CultureLine.ai
Tal Sansani, CFA, Off-Script Systems and CultureLine.ai
Jonathan Shahrabani, Neuberger Berman
Erin Stanton, Virtu Financial
Ingrid Tierens, PhD, CFA, Goldman Sachs Global Investment 
Research
Huib Vaessen, APG Asset Management
Xu Liang, PhD, Ping An OneConnect
Weili Zhou, CFA, Robeco
Stefan Zohren, PhD, Man Group

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
xiv  CFA Institute Research FoundationINTRODUCTION
Larry Cao, CFA
Senior Director, Research, CFA Institute
Over the last few years, in our interactions with readers 
of our artificial intelligence (AI) publications and audiences 
for our in-person and virtual presentations around the 
world, we have been repeatedly asked how they should 
begin their journey of AI adoption. This book is our attempt 
at providing initial answers to their questions.
Who Should Read 
This Handbook?
We have produced this handbook with the following target 
audience and objectives in mind:
• Help C-suite executives and board members with 
responsibility to develop and execute their firms’ AI 
and big data strategies to get an overview of the 
subject and set strategic directions.
• Help knowledge engineers leading AI and big data proj -
ects at investment firms and their teams select projects.
• Help investment and technology professionals who 
work on T-shaped teams understand project back -
grounds and implementation details.
• Help regulators stay abreast of industry developments 
so as to facilitate their policy development efforts.
• Help students (and the professors who are teaching 
them) prepare for a career on future investment teams 
or at regulatory agencies.
In short, if you are embarking on the journey of AI and big 
data adoption in finance, this book is written for you.
The AI Adoption Journey 
in Finance and You
There is a well-known five-stage model of the buyers’ deci -
sion process for new products (Kotler and Armstrong 1998). 
As we studied the benefits, hurdles, and ways to overcome 
these challenges of AI adoption over the last few years, we 
came to realize that the AI adoption journeys of financial institutions and finance professionals have largely followed 
patterns that mirror this five-stage process. Here is a sum -
mary of our findings, which culminated in this handbook.
The five stages are awareness, interest, evaluation, trial, 
and adoption (see Exhibit 1 ). It is important to note that 
buyers have different needs at each stage. For example, 
at the awareness stage, they lack information about the 
new product, which they seek at the interest stage. At the 
evaluation stage, buyers look for more specific proof that 
the new product makes sense, and if so, they will move to 
the next step, trial, where they experiment with the new 
product. If all goes well, they will finally reach the adoption 
stage and start using the new product regularly.
Awareness
From 2015 to 2017, AlphaGo went from beating a human 
professional player at the board game Go for the first time 
to beating the best human Go player. The historic events 
brought artificial intelligence from computer labs into the 
public domain, quickly becoming the subject of conversa -
tion at dinner tables, at cocktail parties, and in board rooms.
Up to that point, main street and the mainstream financial 
services industry had focused their attention on what we 
later referred to as “early-stage fintech”—that is, peer-to-
peer lending, mobile payments, and robo-advice. Our inves -
tigation led us to refute that these new businesses were 
disrupting the financial services industry, simply because 
they prospered where customers were un(der)-banked and 
fared less well where financial services were entrenched.
I also wrote in the financial press in 2016 that we believed 
winners would follow the model “Fin + Tech” (Cao 2016)—
that is, collaboration between powerful financial institu -
tions and powerful tech companies. The winner-takes-all 
model commonly seen in the internet business will not 
extend quite as easily to finance.
The first publication in our series, “FinTech 2017: China, Asia, 
and Beyond” (CFA Institute 2017), included a contributor’s 
Exhibit 1. The Five Stages of the Buyers’ Decision Process for New Products
Awareness Interest
•Seek infoEvaluation
•Seek proofTrial
•ExperimentAdoption
•Use regularly Lack info•

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  xvarticle highlighting that the ABCs of fintech (artificial intelli -
gence, big data, and cloud computing) will be the driving force 
for change in the financial services industry. Our audience’s 
reception, however, was lukewarm in the spring of 2017.
Interest
Google Trends showed that worldwide searches for “arti -
ficial intelligence” continuously rose for several years 
through 2018. This finding is consistent with our experi -
ence. We received more media requests on AI and were 
quoted in an Ignites article in the summer of 2017 on 
our positive views regarding the collaboration between 
Microsoft and China Asset Management, one of the top 
mutual fund firms in China.
Six months later, we invited Tang Xiaodong,1 CEO of China 
Asset Management; Eric Chang, vice president of Microsoft 
Research Institute Asia; and senior executives from other 
sectors in finance to speak at the AI and the Future of 
Financial Services Forum, a major event we organized in 
Beijing, which was also livestreamed to satellite venues 
in several other financial centers in the region. It attracted 
a record number of participants across the region—either 
joining in person in Beijing or at one of the satellite venues.
In his fascinating presentation on machine learning (ML) 
and neural networks, Chang highlighted what Microsoft 
believed was going to be the winning formula of AI adop -
tion: “AI + HI (human intelligence),” which we readily 
adopted because we considered it an extension of our 
“Fin + Tech” philosophy in the age of AI.
Tang gave an informative talk on AI’s applications in asset 
management. Other speakers rounded out the forum 
with insights from their unique vantage points. The event 
received the highest ratings from participants, reflect -
ing both the audience’s passion for the subject and their 
satisfaction with our expert speakers.
My articles on the subject, from the concepts of AI, 
machine learning, and deep learning (Cao 2018a) to their 
applications in finance (Cao 2018b), published, respec -
tively, in February and March 2018 on the Enterprising 
Investor  blog were similarly popular with readers, such that 
the former became the blog’s top ranked article of February 
2018 (McCaffrey 2018a); these two articles also ranked 
among the top 10, for the year (McCaffrey 2018b). These 
articles and more from our contributors formed the core 
of our “FinTech 2018” report (CFA Institute 2018).
1He left China Asset Management in 2019 and now leads BlackRock’s China efforts (BlackRock 2019).
2See the “Gartner Hype Cycle” webpage at www.gartner.com/en/research/methodologies/gartner-hype-cycle .
3See my comments in the video “AI and Big Data in the Future of Investment Management” at https://cfainstitute.gallery.video/annual19/detail/
video/6036457979001/ai-and-big-data-in-the-future-of-investment-management .
4Toronto, and broadly Canada, is of course also where this latest wave of AI development started.Evaluation
In late 2018, I was invited to speak at two closed-door 
events, one attended by technology executives at global 
financial institutions and the other with researchers from 
leading central banks and universities around the world. My 
fellow speakers at both events shared one frustration: They 
were having a hard time distilling insights from big data!
The participant demographic at both events was certainly 
representative of the leaders in their respective domains, 
which seemed to me a clear sign that AI adoption in finan -
cial services had reached what Gartner refers to as “the 
trough of disillusionment” in the Hype Cycle model,2 where 
“interest wanes as experiments and implementations fail 
to deliver.” In the simpler terms of the five-stage model, our 
audience reached the evaluation stage and needed proof 
that AI works before they could move forward.
We believed the best way to provide that proof would be a 
collection of case studies from successful early adopters 
who had put AI and big data to productive use in finance. 
To help readers relate, we selected cases based on two 
criteria: geography—Americas; Asia Pacific (APAC); and 
Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA)—and line of work—
stocks, bonds, asset allocation, and hedge funds. These 
elements formed the basic construct of the “AI Pioneers in 
Investment Management” report (CFA Institute 2019).
We tested the idea while speaking at the forum of the CFA 
Institute Annual Conference in 2019,3 and judging from the 
audience’s reaction and questions, they were clearly look -
ing for concrete examples, exactly the type that we were 
working on, rather than a continuation of the more generic 
type of information we provided in 2018.
A CFA Institute Practice Analysis survey conducted in the 
spring of 2019 showed that adoption rates for AI and big 
data techniques in the industry remained low (CFA Institute 
2019, pp. 8–13). We shared our perspectives in the report 
on the challenges the industry faced and provided our 
recommendation. The report was cited in the Financial 
Times  and the Harvard Business Review  and by Reuters and 
researchers at Deloitte and Morningstar, among others.
Trial
The day after the report was published, I spoke at an indus -
try conference in Toronto.4 And then I went to Singapore, 
before going on to speak at more than a dozen financial 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
xvi  CFA Institute Research Foundationcenters in APAC and EMEA, providing us with many 
additional touch points with the industry and finance 
professionals to get a read on their needs.
The feedback we got from our readers and audiences was 
overwhelmingly consistent with the model prediction: They 
wanted to experiment with AI and big data and asked for 
help on where to begin.5 Of course, every firm and every 
professional are unique. Providing a one-size-fits-all answer 
is not only challenging but also likely to be counterproduc -
tive. That said, we believe we can provide a framework, 
based on our own analysis and field research into cases 
that were successful and, even more importantly, those 
that were less fortunate.
The first step in the framework is building an AI-enabling 
organization, or T-shaped teams. We developed the con -
cept of a T-shaped team specifically to highlight the need 
for communication and strategic leadership in the context 
of AI adoption in financial services (CFA Institute 2021). A 
T-shaped team comprises three distinct functions: the tradi -
tional investment function, a technology (data science) func -
tion, and an innovation function. The background and training 
of finance and data science professionals are so different 
that it makes knowledge engineers in the innovation function 
who can provide both communication support and strategic 
leadership especially important for AI adoption to succeed.
The second step in the framework is to implement the AI 
strategy developed by the leadership. For this step, we 
believed it would be most helpful to provide both exec -
utives at financial institutions looking to embark on the 
5Another popular area of interest that emerged at the time was AI ethics. For additional details, see CFA Institute (2022).
6Many may consider “field-tested” an aspirational goal in AI and big data applications today, probably rightly so. Our operating definition of the 
term is that the type of solution is in production at different firms in the process of managing significant sums of money.AI adoption journey and professionals at these institutions 
a menu of options they could pick and choose from that 
would be most appropriate for their strategy, product 
lineup, and staff’s level of expertise in and acceptance 
of AI adoption. This is where this handbook comes in.
There is a plethora of books published about machine 
learning for investment and finance. Yet they tend to be 
written for quants or programmers with prior machine 
learning knowledge and focus on the technical aspects of 
implementation. The attention tends to be 80/20 between 
technology and finance.
This handbook is different. We strive to provide a reference 
book on AI and big data applications in investments written 
from the finance industry perspective and offer details on 
solutions that are in production and effectively field-tested 
every day.6
Consistent with this objective, we have encouraged con -
tributors to include snippets of coding where they deem 
appropriate. We hope the more tech-savvy readers among 
us will find it helpful, and that the rest of us will be moti -
vated to catch up over time.
We have summarized from our vantage point the indus -
try’s progress on the AI adoption journey and our efforts to 
support it (see Exhibit 2 ). What is next? The most natural 
scenario is that we will support the next stage of the adop -
tion journey in much the same way as we do in other, more 
established areas of investment. Do let us know what you 
think and how we can best be of service.
Exhibit 2. The Five Stages of AI Adoption and Accompanying Research
(future editions)Interest
•Seek infoEvaluation
•Seek proofTrial
•ExperimentAdoption
•Use regularlyAwareness
Lack info•


Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  xviiHow Is the Handbook 
Organized?
In line with our understanding of the active areas of AI 
and big data adoption in investments (and, more broadly, 
finance), we have organized the handbook along four 
streams, each with a few chapters written by practitioners 
who are active in that area. Representative of the ecosys -
tem, most of our contributors hail from investment firms, 
with the remaining coming from investment banks, other 
financial institutions, and service vendors.
Part I provides an overview of the current state of AI and big 
data adoption in investments. In Chapter 1, Mike Chen and Weili 
Zhou share their perspectives on challenges and potential 
pitfalls in applying ML in finance and provide an overview of the 
broad areas of applications. In Chapter 2, Ingrid Tierens and Dan 
Duggan discuss their experiences and takeaways in working 
with alternative data, in addition to some use cases. Chapter 
3, by Kai Cui and Jonathan Shahrabani, reviews how data 
science can inform long-term investment decisions of active 
fundamental investors.
Part II covers natural language understanding, processing, 
and generation. Natural language processing (NLP) is a 
branch of AI studies that dates to the 1950s, although the 
latest boom is often attributed to the introduction of ML 
into the field since the 1980s. Its applications in invest -
ments also go back well over a decade (see, e.g., Antweiler 
and Frank 2004), although significant strides have been 
made since then, which our contributors for Chapters 4–6 
focus on.
In Chapter 4, Andrew Chin, Yuyu Fan, and Che Guan provide 
an overview of the broad applications of natural language 
processing in investments today, ranging from well-known 
areas, such as sentiment analysis and earnings transcript 
analysis, to more recent applications using corporate filings 
in compliance and, in sales, to gain client insights from public 
information. In Chapter 5, Stefan Jansen discusses from 
a technical perspective the evolution of natural language 
understanding and trends in its applications. Chapter 6, by 
Tal Sansani and Mikhail Samonov rounds out this stream with 
an aspirational discussion on applying NLP in environmental, 
social, and governance analysis.
Part III covers trading. This is an active area of AI and big 
data activities, although the percentage of trades executed 
with AI and big data techniques remains small. Our contrib -
utors from different parts of the ecosystem shared their 
perspectives. Chapter 7, by Erin Stanton, highlights a few 
use cases at various stages of the trading process that, in 
aggregate, help readers piece together a picture of ML and 
big data application in the trading landscape. In Chapter 8, 
Peer Nagy, James Powrie, and Stefan Zohren of Man Group zoom in on limit order books as the microstructure data 
source and explain in detail how ML models can help pre -
dict spreads, trade volume, volatility, and more to inform 
trading decisions.
In addition to the areas mentioned thus far, there are obvi -
ously still many more AI and big data applications that are 
being developed and applied in investments and finance. 
Part IV addresses development in three of these areas.
Customer service (call centers) is one of the most tried-
and-true applications for AI that has been widely applied 
across industries. In Chapter 9, Xu Liang of Ping An 
OneConnect offers an overview of financial institutions’ 
use of AI in customer service, providing many enlightening 
business applications and discussing the underlying tech -
nology, such as voice, NLP, and knowledge graphs.
The current AI boom is largely driven by progress in three 
areas—algorithms, big data, and computing power—where 
computing power’s contribution is often understated. In 
Chapter 10, Jochen Papenbrock of NVIDIA argues, sup -
ported by a number of recent cases in investments, that 
there is increasingly a need for accelerated computing.
AI is a fluid term. The scope of our AI and big data efforts, 
including this handbook, focuses on machine learning 
(and its various branches)—NLP, computer vision, and 
unstructured data. Symbolic AI is a branch of AI research 
that was popular before the latest AI boom, brought on by 
nonsymbolic AI studies, such as machine learning. In the 
last chapter of this handbook, Huib Vaessen shares how 
an automated real estate portfolio management solution 
based on symbolic AI can help an investment team.
The results of a CFA Institute global survey conducted 
when this handbook was completed support our position -
ing and topic selection (see Exhibit 3 ). To the question of 
which talents will be in most demand, 35% of respondents 
answered finance/investment talents with some AI and big 
data training and 32% answered both finance/investment 
and AI/big data skills. This handbook has indeed been writ -
ten to help finance/investment professionals move into 
those two buckets.
The picture is similar in terms of topic selection. For exam -
ple, 56% of the respondents are using AI and big data in 
data analysis, a topic that we hope this handbook has 
thoroughly covered throughout, and about a quarter of the 
respondents are using AI and big data techniques in areas 
outside the core investment business, such as sales and 
marketing or customer service, which are also well covered 
in the handbook. Chapter 9 focuses entirely on customer 
service. Chapter 4 covers applications in sales and market -
ing in addition to investment applications, which is partly 
why we allocated more space to the chapter.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
xviii   CFA Institute Research FoundationAs we continue our research efforts in AI and big data appli -
cations, please feel free to drop us a note and share with 
us your successes or needs. We will strive to serve as your 
knowledge engineers, building bridges between thought 
leaders and practitioners.
Acknowledgments
Putting together such a handbook of unique positioning for 
the first time was not an easy task. My gratitude goes to all 
who have supported our efforts.
First, I have been fortunate to work with some of the key 
industry practitioners putting AI and big data to work in 
investments and finance. Despite the tremendous demand 
on their time, they have all given the project much atten -
tion, often patiently working with us through multiple iter -
ations to make sure that the chapters collectively form a 
coherent chorus.
My deep appreciation also goes to Aaron Low, CFA, Carole 
Crawford, CFA, Charles Wu, CFA, and Susan Spinner, CFA, for 
reading through the handbook with me from its infancy in the spring of 2022 through the final draft in the fall. Their 
expertise, judgment, and network have gone a long way in 
raising the bar for this project.
Finally, credit goes to the leadership and the project team 
at CFA Institute. Without their steadfast support, this 
handbook would have never been able to get to where 
it is today.
References
Antweiler, W., and M. Z. Frank. 2004. “Is All That Talk Just 
Noise? The Information Content of Internet Stock Message 
Boards.” Journal of Finance  59: 1259–94.
Bartram, Söhnke M., Jürgen Branke, and 
Mehrshad Motahari. 2020. “Artificial Intelligence 
in Asset Management.” Literature review, CFA 
Institute Research Foundation (28 August). 
www.cfainstitute. org/research/foundation/2020/
rflr-artificial-intelligence-in-asset-management .Exhibit 3. Responses to CFA Institute Global Survey Questions
0% 5% 10% 15% 20% 25% 30% 35% 40%AI and big data talents with no finance skills
AI and big data talents with some finance skills
Talents with both finance and AI and big data skills
Finance talents with some AI and big data skills
Finance talents with no AI and big data skills
0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60%Compliance
Streamlining other mid-/back-office operations
Customer service
Decision making in our core business
Cybersecurity
Sales and marketing
Risk management
Data analysis in our core businessB. What business activities has your organization been routinely applying AI and big data to? (select all that apply) A. Over the next two years, which type of talents is your organization primarily looking to hire more? (select up to two)  

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  xixBlackRock. 2019. “BlackRock Appoints Tony Tang Head of 
China” (17 April). www.blackrock.com/corporate/newsroom/
press-releases/article/corporate-one/press-releases/
blackrock-appoints-tony-tang-head-of-china .
Cao, Larry. 2016. “FinTech and the Future of Financial 
Services.” Hong Kong Economic Journal  (26 May).  
http://startupbeat.hkej.com/?p=29681 .
Cao, Larry. 2018a. “Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, 
and Deep Learning: A Primer.” Enterprising Investor  (blog;  
13 February). https://blogs.cfainstitute.org/investor/  
2018/02/13/artificial-intelligence-machine-learning-  
and-deep-learning-in-investment-management-  
a-primer/ .
Cao, Larry. 2018b. “Portfolio Managers, Artificial Intelligence 
Is Coming for Your Jobs.” Enterprising Investor  (blog; 
9 March). https://blogs.cfainstitute.org/investor/2018/03/  
09/portfolio-managers-artificial-intelligence-is-coming-  
for-your-jobs/ .
CFA Institute. 2019. “AI Pioneers in Investment 
Management.” www.cfainstitute.org/-/media/documents/
survey/AI-Pioneers-in-Investment-Management.pdf .
CFA Institute. 2022. “Ethics and Artificial Intelligence in 
Investment Management: A Framework for Investment 
Professionals.” www.cfainstitute.org/-/media/documents/
article/industry-research/Ethics-and-Artificial-Intelligence-
in-Investment-Management_Online.pdf .CFA Institute. 2017. “FinTech 2017: China, Asia, and Beyond” 
(May). https://hub.ipe.com/download?ac=72587 .
CFA Institute. 2018. “FinTech 2018: The Asia Pacific Edition” 
(September). www.cfainstitute.org/-/media/documents/
book/industry-research/fintech-booklet.pdf . 
CFA Institute. 2021. “T-Shaped Teams: Organizing to Adopt 
AI and Big Data at Investment Firms.” www.cfainstitute.
org/-/media/documents/article/industry-research/  
t-shaped-teams.pdf .
Kotler, Philip, and Gary Armstrong. 1998. Principles of 
Marketing . Hoboken, NJ: Prentice Hall.
McCaffrey, Paul. 2018a. “Top Five Articles from February: 
Body Language, Data Science, Artificial Intelligence.” 
Enterprising Investor  (blog; 28 February). https://blogs.
cfainstitute.org/investor/2018/02/28/top-five-arti -
cles-from-february-body-language-data-science-artifi -
cial-intelligence/ .
McCaffrey, Paul. 2018b. “Top 10 Posts from 2018: Chart 
Crimes, Political Divides, AI, and the Skill Ratio.” Enterprising 
Investor  (blog; 27 December). https://blogs.cfainstitute.
org/investor/2018/12/27/top-10-posts-from-2018-chart-
crimes-political-divides-ai-and-the-skill-ratio/ .



I. MACHINE LEARNING AND DATA SCIENCE 
APPLICATIONS IN INVESTMENTSHANDBOOK OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
AND BIG DATA APPLICATIONS IN  
INVESTMENTS
This book can be found at cfainstitute.org/ai-and-big-data

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
2  CFA Institute Research Foundation1. ON MACHINE LEARNING APPLICATIONS 
IN INVESTMENTS
Mike Chen, PhD
Head, Alternative Alpha Research, Robeco
Weili Zhou, CFA
Head, Quant Equity Research, Robeco
1Readers interested in the theoretical underpinnings of ML algorithms, such as random forest or neural networks, should read Hastie, Tibshirani, 
and Friedman (2009) and Goodfellow, Bengio, and Courville (2016).
2There are also numerous academic studies on using ML to predict returns. For example, ML techniques have been applied in a single-country 
setting by Gu, Kelly, and Xiu (2020) to the United States, by Abe and Nakayama (2018) to Japan, and by Leippold, Wang, and Zhou (2022) to 
China’s A-share markets. Similarly, in a multi-country/regional setting, ML has been applied by Tobek and Hronec (2021) and Leung, Lohre, 
Mischlich, Shea, and Stroh (2021) to developed markets and by Hanauer and Kalsbach (2022) to emerging markets.
3For linear equity models, see, for example, Grinold and Kahn (1999).Introduction
In recent years, machine learning (ML) has been a popular 
technique in various domains, ranging from streaming video 
and online shopping recommendations to image detection 
and generation to autonomous driving. The attraction and 
desire to apply machine learning in finance are no different.
• “The global AI fintech market is predicted to grow at a 
CAGR of 25.3% between 2022 and 2027” (Columbus 
2020).
• “A survey of IT executives in banking finds that 85% 
have a ‘clear strategy’ for adopting AI in developing 
new products and services” (Nadeem 2018).
Putting aside the common and widespread confusion 
between artificial intelligence (AI) and ML (see, e.g., Cao 
2018; Nadeem 2018), the growth of ML in finance is pro -
jected to be much faster than that of the overall industry 
itself, as the previous quotes suggest. Faced with this 
outlook, practitioners may want answers to the following 
questions:
• What does ML bring to the table compared with tradi -
tional techniques?
• How do I make ML for finance work? Are there special 
considerations? What are some common pitfalls?
• What are some examples of ML applied to finance?
In this chapter, we explore how ML can be applied from 
a practitioner’s perspective and attempt to answer many 
common questions, including the ones above.1
The first section of the chapter discusses practi -
tioners’ motivations for using ML, common challenges in implementing ML for finance, and solutions. The second 
section discusses several concrete examples of ML appli -
cations in finance and, in particular, equity investments.
Motivations, Challenges, 
and Solutions in Applying ML 
in Investments
In this section, we discuss reasons for applying ML, the 
unique challenges involved, and how to avoid common 
pitfalls in the process.
Motivations
The primary attraction of applying ML to equity investing, as 
with almost all investment-related endeavors, is the promise 
of higher risk-adjusted return. The hypothesis is that these 
techniques, explicitly designed for prediction tasks based on 
high-dimensional data and without any functional form spec -
ification, should excel at predicting future equity returns.
Emerging academic literature and collective practitioner 
experience support this hypothesis. In recent years, practi -
tioners have successfully applied ML algorithms to predict 
equity returns, and ML-based return prediction algorithms 
have been making their way into quantitative investment 
models. These algorithms have been used worldwide in 
both developed and emerging markets, for large-cap and 
small-cap investment universes, and with single-country 
or multi-country strategies.2 In general, practitioners have 
found that ML-derived alpha models outperform those 
generated from more traditional linear models3 in predicting 
cross-sectional equity returns.
© 2023 CFA Institute Research Foundation. All rights reserved.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  3In addition to predicting equity returns, ML has been 
used to predict intermediate metrics known to predict 
future returns. For example, practitioners have used ML to 
forecast corporate earnings and have found ML-derived 
forecasts to be significantly more accurate and infor -
mative than other commonly used earnings prediction 
models.4 Another use of ML in equity investing developed 
by Robeco’s quantitative researchers has been to predict 
not the entire investment universe’s return but the returns 
of those equities that are likely to suffer a severe price drop 
in the near future. Investment teams at Robeco have found 
that ML techniques generate superior crash predictions 
compared with those from linear models using traditional 
metrics, such as leverage ratio or distance to default.5
What drives the outperformance of ML over other known 
quantitative techniques? The main conclusion from prac -
titioners and academics is that because ML algorithms 
do not prespecify the functional relationship between the 
prediction variables (equity return, future earnings, etc.) 
and the predictors (metrics from financial statements, past 
returns, etc.), ML algorithms are not constrained to a linear 
format as is typical of other techniques but, rather, can 
uncover interaction and nonlinear relationships between 
the input features and the output variable(s).
4This conclusion was replicated and supported also by academics. For example, see Cao and You (2021).
5For more information on using ML for crash prediction, see Swinkels and Hoogteijling (2022).
6For more details, see Birge and Zhang (2018).
7Neural networks incorporate nonlinearity through activation functions in each neuron. Without activation functions, neural networks, regardless 
of their depth, reduce down to traditional linear models commonly used in finance. For more on activation functions, see Goodfellow et al. (2016).Interaction and nonlinear effects
The interaction effect occurs when the prediction outputs 
cannot be expressed as a linear combination of the individ -
ual inputs because the effect of one input depends on the 
value of the other ones. Consider a stylistic example of pre -
dicting equity price based on two input features: reported 
earnings and an accounting red flag, where the red-flag 
input is binary: 0 (no cause of concern) and 1 (grave con -
cern). The resulting ML output with these two inputs may 
be that when the red-flag input is 0, the output is linearly 
and positively related to reported earnings; in contrast, 
when the red-flag input is 1, the output is a 50% decrease 
in price regardless of the reported earnings. Exhibit 1  
illustrates this stylistic example.
ML prediction can also outperform the traditional linear 
model prediction due to nonlinear effects. There are many 
empirically observed nonlinear effects that linear models 
cannot model. For example, there is a nonlinear relation -
ship between a firm’s credit default swap (CDS) spread 
and its equity returns because equity can be framed as an 
embedded call option on a firm’s assets, thereby introduc -
ing nonlinearity.6 Exhibit 2  illustrates this example. Many 
ML algorithms, particularly neural networks,7 explicitly 
Exhibit 1. Illustration of the Interaction Effect between Accounting Red Flags 
and Equity Returns
Return
Accounting R ed Flag = 0
Accounting R ed Flag = 1Report ed E arnings
Source:  Robeco.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
4  CFA Institute Research Foundationintroduce nonlinearity into the model setup, facilitating 
nonlinearity modeling.
Empirically, academics and practitioners have found that 
the interaction effect accounts for a large portion of ML 
techniques’ outperformance, while the jury is still out on 
whether nonlinear effects contribute positively to the out -
performance. A well-known study in the field by Gu, Kelly, 
and Xiu (2020, p. 2258) found that “the favorable perfor -
mance of [ML algorithms] indicates a benefit to allowing for 
potentially complex interactions among predictors.” In the 
study, comparing the performance of purely linear models 
with that of generalized linear models, the authors note that 
“the generalized linear model … fails to improve on the per -
formance of purely linear methods ( R2
OOS of 0.19%). The fact 
that this method uses spline functions of individual features, 
but includes no interaction among features, suggests that 
univariate expansions provide little incremental information 
beyond the [purely] linear model” (Gu et al. 2020, p. 2251). 
However, other studies have found that both interaction and 
nonlinear effects contribute positively to ML models’ outper -
formance (see, e.g., Abe and Nakayama 2018; Swinkels and 
Hoogteijling 2022; Choi, Jiang, and Zhang 2022).
Find relationships from the data deluge
Another attraction of applying ML to financial markets is 
the promise of having the algorithm discover relation -
ships not specified or perhaps not known by academics 
and practitioners—that is, data mining , which historically 
has been a pejorative in quantitative finance circles. 
8Examples include k-fold cross-validation, dropout, and regularization. For deeper discussions, see Hastie et al. (2009) and Goodfellow et al. 
(2016).Another term being used, perhaps with a more positive 
connotation, is “knowledge discovery.”
With the ongoing information and computing revolution and 
the increased popularity of quantitative finance, the amount 
of financial data is growing at a rapid pace. This increased 
amount of data may or may not embody relevant informa -
tion for investment purposes. Since many of the data types 
and sources are new, many investors do not have a strong 
prior opinion on whether and how they can be useful. Thus, 
ML algorithms that are designed to look for relationships 
have become attractive for practitioners and academics in 
the hope that, even without specifying a hypothesis on the 
economic relationship, the ML algorithm will figure out the 
link between inputs and outputs. Although ML algorithms 
have built-in mechanisms to combat overfitting or discover -
ing spurious correlations between input features and output 
predictions,8 caution must still be taken to avoid discovering 
nonrepeatable and nonreplicable relationships and patterns. 
Later in this chapter, we will address this issue further and 
consider other challenges practitioners face when imple -
menting ML in live portfolios. But first, we will discuss what 
makes the financial market different from other domains in 
which ML has shown tremendous success.
Unique Challenges of Applying ML 
in Finance
When applying ML for investments, great care must be 
taken because financial markets differ from domains where Exhibit 2. Illustration of the Nonlinear Relationship between a CDS 
and Equity Returns
Return
CDS Spread
Source:  Robeco.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  5ML has made tremendous strides. These differences can 
mitigate many of the specific advantages ML algorithms 
enjoy, making them less effective in practice when applied 
in real-life situations. A few of these differences follow.
Signal-to-noise ratio and system 
complexity
Financial data have a low signal-to-noise ratio. For a given 
security, any one metric is generally not a huge determinant 
of how that security will perform. For example, suppose 
Company XYZ announced great earnings this quarter. Its 
price can still go down after the announcement because 
earnings were below expectations, because central banks 
are hiking interest rates, or because investors are generally 
long the security and are looking to reduce their positions. 
Compare this situation with a high signal-to-noise domain—
for example, streaming video recommendation systems. 
If a person watches many movies in a specific genre, 
chances are high that the person will also like other movies 
in that same genre. Because financial returns compress 
high-dimensional information and drivers (company-specific, 
macro, behavioral, market positioning, etc.) into one dimen -
sion, positive or negative, the signal-to-noise ratio of any 
particular information item is generally low.
It is fair to say that the financial market is one of the most 
complex man-made systems in the world. And this com -
plexity and low signal-to-noise ratio can cause issues 
when ML algorithms are not applied skillfully. Although ML 
algorithms are adept at detecting complex relationships, 
the complexity of the financial market and the low signal-
to-noise ratio that characterizes it can still pose a problem 
because they make the true relationship between drivers of 
security return and the outcome difficult to detect.
Small vs. big data
Another major challenge in applying ML in financial markets 
is the amount of available data. The amount of financial data 
is still relatively small compared with many domains in which 
ML has thrived, such as the consumer internet domain or 
the physical sciences. The data that quantitative investors 
traditionally have used are typically quarterly or monthly. 
And even for the United States, the market with the longest 
available reliable data, going back 100 years, the number of 
monthly data points for any security we might wish to con -
sider is at most 1,200. Compared with other domains where 
the amount of data is in the billions and trillions, the quantity 
of financial data is minuscule. To be fair, some of the newer 
data sources, or “alternative data,” such as social media 
posts or news articles, are much more abundant than tradi -
tional financial data. However, overall, the amount of financial 
data is still small compared with other domains.
9There have been various studies on how greed and fear affect market participants’ decision-making process. See, for example, Lo, Repin, and 
Steenbarger (2005).The small amount of financial data is a challenge to ML 
applications because a significant driver of an ML algo -
rithm’s power is the amount of available data (see Halevy, 
Norvig, and Pereira 2009). Between a simple ML algorithm 
trained on a large set of data versus a sophisticated ML 
algorithm trained on a relatively smaller set of data, the 
simpler algorithm often outperforms in real-life testing. With 
a large set of data, investors applying ML can perform true 
cross-validation and out-of-sample testing to minimize 
overfitting by dividing input data into different segments. 
The investor can conduct proper hyperparameter tuning 
and robustness checks only if the amount of data is large 
enough. The small amount of financial data adds to the 
challenges of applying ML to financial markets mentioned 
earlier—the financial markets’ high system complexity and 
low signal-to-noise ratio.
Stationarity vs. adaptive market, 
irrationality
Finally, what makes financial markets challenging for ML 
application in general is that markets are nonstationary. 
What we mean is that financial markets adapt and change 
over time. Many other domains where ML algorithms have 
shined are static systems. For example, the rules govern -
ing protein unfolding are likely to stay constant regardless 
of whether researchers understand them. In contrast, 
because of the promised rewards, financial markets “learn” 
as investors learn what works over time and change their 
behavior, thereby changing the behavior of the overall 
market. Furthermore, because academics have been suc -
cessful over the last few decades in discovering and pub -
lishing drivers of market returns—for example, Fama and 
French (1993)—their research also increased knowledge of 
all market participants and such research changes market 
behavior, as noted by McLean and Pontiff (2016).
The adaptive nature of financial markets means not only 
that ML algorithms trained for investment do not have a 
long enough history with which to train the model and a 
low signal-to-noise ratio to contend with but also that the 
rules and dynamics that govern the outcome the models 
try to predict also change over time. Luckily, many ML algo -
rithms are adaptive or can be designed to adapt to evolving 
systems. Still, the changing system calls into question 
the validity and applicability of historical data that can be 
used to train the algorithms—data series that were not 
long enough to begin with. To further complicate the issue, 
financial markets are man-made systems. Their results 
are the collective of individual human actions, and human 
beings often behave irrationally—for example, making deci -
sions based on greed or fear.9 This irrationality characteris -
tic does not exist in many of the other domains in which ML 
has succeeded.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
6  CFA Institute Research FoundationHow to Avoid Common Pitfalls When 
Applying ML in Finance
This section addresses some potential pitfalls when apply -
ing ML to financial investment.10
Overfitting
Because of the short sample data history, overfitting is 
a significant concern when applying ML techniques in 
finance. This concern is even stronger than when applying 
traditional quantitative techniques, such as linear regres -
sion, because of the high degrees of freedom inherent in 
ML algorithms. The result of overfitting is that one may get 
a fantastic backtest, but out-of-sample, the results will not 
live up to expectations.
There are some common techniques used in ML 
across all domains to combat overfitting. They include 
cross-validation, feature selection and removal, regulariza -
tion, early stopping, ensembling, and having holdout data.11 
Because of the lower sample data availability in finance, 
some of these standard techniques might not be applica -
ble or work as well in the financial domain as in others.
However, there are also advantages to working in the 
financial domain. The most significant advantage is human 
intuition and economic domain knowledge. What we mean 
by this is that investors and researchers applying machine 
learning can conduct “smell tests” to see whether the rela -
tionships found by ML algorithms between input features 
and output predictions make intuitive or economic sense. 
For example, to examine the relationship between inputs 
and outputs, one can look at Shapley additive explanation 
(SHAP) value, introduced by Lundberg and Lee (2017). SHAP 
value is computed from the average of the marginal con -
tribution of the feature when predicting the targets, where 
the marginal contribution is computed by comparing the 
performance after withholding that variable from the fea -
ture set versus the feature set that includes the variable.
Exhibit 3  plots SHAP values from Robeco’s work on using 
ML to predict equity crashes,12 where various input features 
are used to predict the probability of financial distress of 
various stocks in the investment universe. The color of 
each dot indicates the sign and magnitude of a feature, 
where red signals a high feature value and blue denotes a 
low feature value. Take Feature 25, for example. As the fea -
ture value increases (as indicated by the color red), the ML 
algorithm predicts a higher probability of financial distress. 
10For additional readings, see, for example, López de Prado (2018); Arnott, Harvey, and Markowitz (2019); Leung et al. (2021).
11See Hastie et al. (2009) and Goodfellow et al. (2016) for more discussion on these techniques.
12For more details, see Swinkels and Hoogteijling (2022).
13See Jessen and Lando (2013) for more discussion on distance to default.
14See Harvey, Liu, and Zhu (2016) and Hou, Xue, and Zhang (2020) for more discussion on the replicability crisis in finance.And as the feature value decreases (as indicated by the 
color blue), the ML algorithm predicts a lower probability of 
financial distress. With this information, experienced inves -
tors can apply their domain knowledge to see whether the 
relationship discovered by the ML algorithm makes sense. 
For example, if Feature 25, in this case, is the leverage ratio 
and Feature 1 is distance to default,13 then the relation -
ship may make sense. However, if the features are flipped 
(Feature 25 is distance to default and Feature 1 is the 
leverage ratio), then it is likely that the ML algorithm made a 
mistake, possibly through overfitting.
Another approach to mitigate overfitting and having ML 
algorithms find spurious correlations is to try to eliminate 
it from the start. Ex post  explanation via SHAP values and 
other techniques is useful, but investors can also apply 
their investment domain knowledge to curate the input set 
to select those inputs likely to have a relationship with the 
prediction objective. This is called “feature engineering” in 
ML lingo and requires financial domain knowledge. As an 
example, when we are trying to predict stock crash proba -
bility, fundamental financial metrics such as profit margin 
and debt coverage ratio are sensible input features for the 
ML algorithm, but the first letter of the last name of the CEO, 
for example, is likely not a sensible input feature.
Replicability
There is a debate about whether there is a replicability 
crisis in financial research.14 The concerns about replicabil -
ity are especially relevant to results derived from applying 
ML because, in addition to the usual reasons for replicabil -
ity difficulties (differences in universe tested, p-hacking, 
etc.), replicating ML-derived results also faces the following 
challenges:
• The number of tunable variables in ML algorithms is 
even larger than in the more traditional statistical 
techniques.
• ML algorithms are readily available online. Investors 
can often download open-sourced algorithms from 
the internet without knowing the algorithm’s specific 
version used in the original result, random seed, and 
so on. In addition, if one is not careful, different imple -
mentations of the same algorithm can have subtle 
differences that result in different outcomes.
To avoid replicability challenges, we suggest ML inves -
tors first spend time building up a robust data and code 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  7infrastructure to conduct ML research and experiments. 
This includes, but is not limited to, the following:
• A robust system for code version control, a way to 
specify and fix all parameters used in the algorithm, 
including ML algorithm version number, investment 
universe tested, hyperparameters, feature sets used, 
and so on
• Documentation of all the tested iterations and hypoth -
eses, including those that failed to show good results 
(in other words, showing the research graveyards)
15This is called “point-in-time” in the quant investment industry.Such documentation listed above may not be possible 
regarding publicly disclosed results, but it should at least 
be attempted when discussing and verifying results within 
the same organization.
Lookahead bias/data leakage
Lookahead bias is another commonly known issue for 
experienced quant investors that applies to ML. An example 
would be that if quarterly results are available only 40 days 
after the quarter end, the quarterly data should be used 
only when available historically15 and not at the quarter 
end date.Exhibit 3. SHAP Value between Input Features and ML Output Predicting 
Financial Distress
Feature 25
Feature 35
Feature 38
Feature 32
Feature 40
Feature 41
Feature 6Feature 47
Feature 43
Feature 45
Feature 11
–0.05 0.05
SHAP Value (impact on model output)
Feature Value
LowHigh
0.10 0.15 0.00Feature 23
Feature 24
Feature 14Feature 26
Feature 28Feature 36Feature 1
Feature 4
Feature 5
Source:  Swinkels and Hoogteijling (2022).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
8  CFA Institute Research FoundationOther cases can be more subtle. For example, if one con -
ducts research over a period that includes the tech bubble 
and its subsequent crash (2000–2002) and the investment 
universe tested does not include information technology 
(IT) firms, then it is incumbent upon the investor to provide 
a sensible reason why IT firms are not included.
Related to lookahead bias and a more general problem 
directly related to ML is the problem of data leakage. Data 
leakage occurs when data used in the training set contain 
information that can be used to infer the prediction, infor -
mation that would otherwise not be available to the ML 
model in live production.
Because financial data occur in time series, they are often 
divided chronologically into training, validation, and testing 
sets. ML predictive modeling aims to predict outcomes the 
model has not seen before. One form of data leakage can 
occur if information that should be in one set ends up in 
another among the three sets of data (training, validation, 
and testing). When this occurs, the ML algorithm is evalu -
ated on the data it has seen. In such cases, the results will 
be overly optimistic and true out-of-sample performance 
(that is, the live performance of the algorithm) will likely 
disappoint. This phenomenon is called “leakage in data.”
Another type of data leakage is called “leakage in features.” 
Leakage in features occurs when informative features about 
the prediction outcome are included but would otherwise 
be unavailable to ML models at production time, even if 
the information is not in the future. For example, suppose 
a company’s key executive is experiencing serious health 
issues but the executive has not disclosed this fact to the 
general public. In that case, including that information in the 
ML feature set may generate strong backtest performance, 
but it would be an example of feature leakage.
Various techniques can be applied to minimize the possibil -
ity of data leakage. One of the most basic is to introduce a 
sufficient gap period between training and validation sets 
and between validation and testing. For example, instead of 
having validation sets begin immediately after the end of the 
training set, introduce a time gap of between a few months 
and a few quarters to ensure complete separation of data. 
To prevent data leakage, investors applying ML should think 
carefully about what is available and what is not during the 
model development and testing phases. In short, common 
sense still needs to prevail when applying ML algorithms.
Implementation gap
Another possible pitfall to watch out for when deploying ML 
algorithms in finance is the so-called implementation gap, 
16For additional readings, see, for example, Avramov, Chordia, and Goyal (2006); López de Prado (2018); Hou et al. (2020); Avramov, Cheng, and 
Metzker (2022).
17In addition to the SHAP values discussed in Lundberg and Lee (2017), recent works in the area of explainable machine learning include Li, 
Turkington, and Yazdani (2020); Li, Simon, and Turkington (2022); and Daul, Jaisson, and Nagy (2022).defined as trading instruments in the backtest that are 
either impossible or infeasible to trade in live production. 
An example of an implementation gap is that the ML algo -
rithm generates its outperformance in the backtest mainly 
from small- or micro-cap stocks. However, in live trading, 
either these small- or micro-cap stocks may be too costly 
to trade because of transaction costs or there might not be 
enough outstanding shares available to own in the scale 
that would make a difference to the strategy deploying 
the ML algorithm. As mentioned, implementation affects 
all quant strategies, not just those using ML algorithms. 
But ML algorithms tend to have high turnover, increasing 
trading cost associated with smaller market-cap securities. 
Similar to small- or micro-cap stocks, another example of an 
implementation gap is shorting securities in a long–short 
strategy. In practice, shorting stocks might be impossible 
or infeasible because of an insufficient quantity of a given 
stock to short or excessive short borrowing costs.16
Explainability and performance attribution
A main criticism of applying machine learning in finance is 
that the models are difficult to understand. According to Gu 
et al. (2020, p. 2258), “Machine learning models are often 
referred to as ‘black boxes,’ a term that is in some sense a 
misnomer, as the models are readily inspectable. However, 
they are complex, and this is the source of their power and 
opacity. Any exploration of the interaction effect is vexed 
by vast possibilities for identity and functional forms for 
interacting predictors.”
Machine learning for other applications might not need to 
be fully explainable at all times; for example, if the ML algo -
rithm suggests wrong video recommendations based on 
the viewers’ past viewing history, the consequences are 
not catastrophic. However, with billions of investment dol -
lars on the line, asset owners demand managers that use 
ML-based algorithms explain how the investment decisions 
are made and how performance can be attributed. In recent 
years, explainable machine learning has emerged in the 
financial domain as a focus topic for both practitioners and 
academics.17
The fundamental approach to recent explainable machine 
learning work is as follows:
1. For each input feature, fi, in the ML algorithm, fix its 
value as x. Combine this fixed value for fi with all other 
sample data while replacing feature fi with the value x. 
Obtain the prediction output.
2. Average the resulting predictions. This is the partial 
prediction at point x.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  93. Now range the fixed value x over feature fi’s typical 
range to plot out the resulting function. This is called 
the “partial dependence response” to feature fi.
This response plot, an example of which is illustrated in 
Exhibit 4 , can then be decomposed into linear and nonlin -
ear components.
Similarly, one can estimate the pairwise-interaction part 
of the ML algorithm, computed using joint partial predic -
tion of features fi and fj, by subtracting the partial pre -
diction of each feature independently. An example of the 
pairwise-interaction result is shown in Exhibit 5 .
Exhibits 3–5 allow ML investors to understand how the 
input features affect the output prediction. To conduct 
performance attribution of an ML portfolio and decompose 
it into the various parts (linear, interaction, and nonlinear), 
one can extract the partial dependence responses and 
form portfolios from them. With this approach, one can get 
return attribution, as shown in Exhibit 6 .
Sample ML Applications 
in Finance
We have seen the common pitfalls when applying ML to 
finance and the strategies to mitigate them. Let us now 
look at examples of ML applied to financial investing.18
18For more general applications of ML to finance, see López de Prado (2019).
19This problem has been studied in numerous recent papers—for example, Abe and Nakayama (2018); Rasekhschaffe and Jones (2019); Gu et al. 
(2020); Choi, Jiang, and Zhang (2022); Hanauer and Kalsbach (2022).
20In addition to cross-sectional returns, Gu et al. (2020) also study the time-series problem.
21However, when compared with other fields, the amount of data here is still miniscule, as noted before.Predicting Cross-Sectional Stock 
Returns
In this section, we discuss specifically using ML to predict 
cross-sectional stock returns.
Investment problem
Perhaps the most obvious application of ML to financial 
investments is to directly use ML to predict whether each 
security’s price is expected to rise or fall and whether to 
buy or sell those securities. Numerous practitioners and 
academics have applied ML algorithms to this prediction 
task.19
The ML algorithms used in this problem are set up to 
compare cross-sectional stock returns. That is, we are 
interested in finding the relative returns of securities in our 
investment universe rather than their absolute returns.20 
The ML algorithms make stock selection decisions rather 
than country/industry timing and allocation decisions. 
Stock selection is an easier problem than the timing and 
allocation problem, because the algorithms have more data 
to work with.21
Exhibit 4. Linear and Nonlinear Decomposition of an ML Algorithm’s Output 
to Input Feature fi
0.3%
–0.3%
–0.6% –0.4% –0.2% 0.0% 0.2% 0.3% 0.5%0.2%
–0.2%0.1%
–0.1%0.0%Response0.3%
–0.3%0.2%
–0.2%0.1%
–0.1%0.0%Response0.3%
–0.3%0.2%
–0.2%0.1%
–0.1%0.0%Response
PredictorPartial Prediction (left), Linear Effect (middle), and Nonlinear Effect (right )
–0.6% –0.4% –0.2% 0.0% 0.2% 0.3% 0.5%
Predictor–0.6% –0.4%–0.2% 0.0% 0.2% 0.3% 0.5%
Predictor
Partial Dependence Average Prediction Linear Fit
Source:  Li, Turkington, and Yazdani (2020).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
10  CFA Institute Research FoundationMethodology
This problem is set up with the following three major 
components:
1. Investment universe: US, international, emerging 
market, and so on
2. ML algorithms: (boosted) trees/random forests, neural 
networks with l layers, and so on, and ensembles thereof3. Feature set: typical financial metrics that are used 
in linear models, such as various price ratios (value), 
profitability (quality), and past returns (momentum)
Note that for Item 3, by using a very limited feature set, the 
ML investor is essentially applying her domain knowledge 
and imposing a structure on the ML algorithm to counter 
the limited data challenge discussed in the previous 
section.Exhibit 5. Example of the Pairwise-Interaction Effect
1.0
0.9
0.8
0.7
0.6
0.4
0.3
0.2
0.1
0.00.4%
0.3%
0.2%
0.1%
0.0%
–0.1%
–0.2%
–0.3%
–0.4%
–0.6%0.4%
0.3%
0.2%
0.0%
0.0%
–0.1%
–0.2%
–0.2%
–0.2%
–0.3%
–0.5%0.4%
0.3%
0.1%
0.0%
0.0%
–0.1%
–0.2%
–0.2%
–0.2%
–0.2%
–0.4%0.3%
0.2%
0.1%
0.0%
0.0%
–0.1%
–0.1%
–0.2%
–0.2%
–0.2%
–0.3%0.2%
0.1%
0.1%
0.0%
0.0%
–0.1%
–0.1%
–0.1%
–0.1%
–0.1%
–0.2%0.1%
0.1%
0.1%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
–0.1%
–0.1%
–0.1%
–0.1% 0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0%0.0% –0.1%
–0.1%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
0.0%
0.1%
0.1%
0.1%
0.1%
0.1%–0.3%
–0.2%
–0.1%
0.0%
0.0%
0.1%
0.1%
0.1%
0.2%
0.2%
0.2%–0.4%
–0.3%
–0.2%
–0.1%
0.0%
0.1%
0.2%
0.2%
0.3%
0.3%
0.3%–0.6%
–0.4%
–0.3%
–0.1%
0.0%
0.2%
0.3%
0.3%
0.4%
0.4%
0.4%Predictor 2
Response
Predictor 1
Source:  Li, Simon, and Turkington (2022).
Exhibit 6. Example ML Portfolio Return Attribution
60%
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0%Portf olio Linear Nonlinear Interactions
Jan-19 Jun-1960%
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
–10%0%
Nov-19Apr-20 Sep-20 Feb-21 Jul-21Dec-21 May-22
Portf olio Linear Interactions NonlinearST Revisions
AttributionST Momentum
Momentum
–1.50% –1.00% –0.50%0.00% 0.50% 1.00% 1.50% 2.00% 2.50% 3.00% 3.50%ValueQualityRevisionsReversalFlow
Sect or
Beta
Volatility
Portf olio Linear Interactions Nonlinear
Source:  Robeco.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  11Results
There are five consistent results that various practitioner 
and academic studies have found. First and foremost, 
there is a statistically significant and economically mean -
ingful outperformance of ML algorithm prediction versus 
the traditional linear approach. For example, in forming a 
long–short decile spread portfolio from (four-layer) neural 
network–generated stock return prediction, a well-known study in equity return prediction (Gu et al. 2020) found that 
the strategy has an annualized out-of-sample Sharpe ratio 
of 1.35 under value weighting and 2.45 under equal weight -
ing. For comparison, the same portfolio constructed from 
ordinary least squares (OLS) prediction with the same input 
features produced a Sharpe ratio of 0.61 and 0.83 for value 
weighting and equal weighting, respectively. Exhibit 7  
shows the value-weighting results.
Exhibit 7. Out-of-Sample Performance of Benchmark OLS Portfolio 
vs. Various ML Portfolios, Value Weighting
OLS-3+H PLS PCR
Pred. Avg.Std. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio Pred. Avg.Std. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio Pred. Avg.Std. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio
Low (L) −0.17 0.40 5.90 0.24 −0.83 0.29 5.31 0.19 −0.68 0.03 5.98 0.02
2 0.17 0.58 4.65 0.43 −0.21 0.55 4.96 0.38 −0.11 0.42 5.25 0.28
3 0.35 0.60 4.43 0.47 0.12 0.64 4.63 0.48 0.19 0.53 4.94 0.37
4 0.49 0.71 4.32 0.57 0.38 0.78 4.30 0.63 0.42 0.68 4.64 0.51
5 0.62 0.79 4.57 0.60 0.61 0.77 4.53 0.59 0.62 0.81 4.66 0.60
6 0.75 0.92 5.03 0.63 0.84 0.88 4.78 0.64 0.81 0.81 4.58 0.61
7 0.88 0.85 5.18 0.57 1.06 0.92 4.89 0.65 1.01 0.87 4.72 0.64
8 1.02 0.86 5.29 0.56 1.32 0.92 5.14 0.62 1.23 1.01 4.77 0.73
9 1.21 1.18 5.47 0.75 1.66 1.15 5.24 0.76 1.52 1.20 4.88 0.86
High (H) 1.51 1.34 5.88 0.79 2.25 1.30 5.85 0.77 2.02 1.25 5.60 0.77
H – L 1.67 0.94 5.33 0.61 3.09 1.02 4.88 0.72 2.70 1.22 4.82 0.88
ENet+H GLM+H RF
Pred AvgStd. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio Pred AvgStd. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio Pred AvgStd. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio
Low (L) −0.04 0.24 5.44 0.15 −0.47 0.08 5.65 0.05 0.29 −0.09 6.00 −0.05
2 0.27 0.56 4.84 0.40 0.01 0.49 4.80 0.35 0.44 0.38 5.02 0.27
3 0.44 0.53 4.50 0.40 0.29 0.65 4.52 0.50 0.53 0.64 4.70 0.48
4 0.59 0.72 4.11 0.61 0.50 0.72 4.59 0.55 0.60 0.60 4.56 0.46
5 0.73 0.72 4.42 0.57 0.68 0.70 4.55 0.53 0.67 0.57 4.51 0.44
6 0.87 0.85 4.60 0.64 0.84 0.84 4.53 0.65 0.73 0.64 4.54 0.49
7 1.01 0.87 4.75 0.64 1.00 0.86 4.82 0.62 0.80 0.67 4.65 0.50
8 1.16 0.88 5.20 0.59 1.18 0.87 5.18 0.58 0.87 1.00 4.91 0.71
9 1.36 0.80 5.61 0.50 1.40 1.04 5.44 0.66 0.96 1.23 5.59 0.76
High (H) 1.66 0.84 6.76 0.43 1.81 1.14 6.33 0.62 1.12 1.53 7.27 0.73
H – L 1.70 0.60 5.37 0.39 2.27 1.06 4.79 0.76 0.83 1.62 5.75 0.98
(continued )

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
12  CFA Institute Research FoundationGBRT+H NN1 NN2
Pred AvgStd. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio Pred AvgStd. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio Pred AvgStd. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio
Low (L) −0.45 0.18 5.60 0.11 −0.38 −0.29 7.02 −0.14 −0.23 −0.54 7.83 −0.24
2 −0.16 0.49 4.93 0.35 0.16 0.41 5.89 0.24 0.21 0.36 6.08 0.20
3 0.02 0.59 4.75 0.43 0.44 0.51 5.07 0.35 0.44 0.65 5.07 0.44
4 0.17 0.63 4.68 0.46 0.64 0.70 4.56 0.53 0.59 0.73 4.53 0.56
5 0.34 0.57 4.70 0.42 0.80 0.77 4.37 0.61 0.72 0.81 4.38 0.64
6 0.46 0.77 4.48 0.59 0.95 0.78 4.39 0.62 0.84 0.84 4.51 0.65
7 0.59 0.52 4.73 0.38 1.11 0.81 4.40 0.64 0.97 0.95 4.61 0.71
8 0.72 0.72 4.92 0.51 1.31 0.75 4.86 0.54 1.13 0.93 5.09 0.63
9 0.88 0.99 5.19 0.66 1.58 0.96 5.22 0.64 1.37 1.04 5.69 0.63
High (H) 1.11 1.17 5.88 0.69 2.19 1.52 6.79 0.77 1.99 1.38 6.98 0.69
H – L 1.56 0.99 4.22 0.81 2.57 1.81 5.34 1.17 2.22 1.92 5.75 1.16
NN3 NN4 NN5
Pred AvgStd. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio Pred AvgStd. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio Pred AvgStd. 
Dev.Sharpe 
Ratio
Low (L) −0.03 −0.43 7.73 −0.19 −0.12 −0.52 7.69 −0.23 −0.23 −0.51 7.69 −0.23
2 0.34 0.30 6.38 0.16 0.30 0.33 6.16 0.19 0.23 0.31 6.10 0.17
3 0.51 0.57 5.27 0.37 0.50 0.42 5.18 0.28 0.45 0.54 5.02 0.37
4 0.63 0.66 4.69 0.49 0.62 0.60 4.51 0.46 0.60 0.67 4.47 0.52
5 0.71 0.69 4.41 0.55 0.72 0.69 4.26 0.56 0.73 0.77 4.32 0.62
6 0.79 0.76 4.46 0.59 0.81 0.84 4.46 0.65 0.85 0.86 4.35 0.68
7 0.88 0.99 4.77 0.72 0.90 0.93 4.56 0.70 0.96 0.88 4.76 0.64
8 1.00 1.09 5.47 0.69 1.03 1.08 5.13 0.73 1.11 0.94 5.17 0.63
9 1.21 1.25 5.94 0.73 1.23 1.26 5.93 0.74 1.34 1.02 6.02 0.58
High (H) 1.83 1.69 7.29 0.80 1.89 1.75 7.51 0.81 1.99 1.46 7.40 0.68
H – L 1.86 2.12 6.13 1.20 2.01 2.26 5.80 1.35 2.22 1.97 5.93 1.15
Notes:  OLS-3+H is ordinary least squares that preselect size, book-to-market, and momentum using Huber loss rather than the standard l2 loss. 
PLS is partial least squares. PCR ENet+H, GLM+H, RF, GBRT+H, and NN1 to NN5 are neural networks with one to five hidden layers.
Source:  Gu et al. (2020).Exhibit 7. Out-of-Sample Performance of Benchmark OLS Portfolio 
vs. Various ML Portfolios, Value Weighting ( continued )

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  13The second consistent result is that what drives the out -
performance of ML-based prediction versus that of linear 
models is that ML algorithms not only are limited to linear 
combinations of feature sets but can formulate higher-order 
functional dependencies, such as nonlinearity and interac -
tion. To test whether higher-order effects can contribute to 
security prediction, one can compare linear machine learn -
ing models (for example, LASSO and RIDGE) with models that 
consider nonlinear and complex interaction effects (such 
as trees and neural networks). Investors at Robeco have 
found that higher-order machine learning models outper -
form their simpler linear competitors. The outperformance of 
higher-order machine learning models was also confirmed 
by academics,22 as evident from Exhibit 7.
Between nonlinearity and interactions, interactions have the 
greater impact on model performance. This also can be seen 
in Exhibit 7, where the performance of the generalized linear 
model with Huber loss (GLM+H) is inferior to those models 
that consider interaction, boosted trees, and neural networks.
Third, ML investors have found that the features that most 
determine prediction outcomes are remarkably consis -
tent regardless of the specific ML algorithms used. This 
is somewhat of a surprise because the various ML algo -
rithms, such as boosted trees and neural networks, use 
dissimilar approaches to arrive at their outcomes. However, 
the similar importance assigned to certain input features 
confirms that these are salient characteristics that drive 
cross-sectional stock returns. From Robeco’s own expe -
rience and various published studies, the characteristics 
that dominate cross-sectional returns are found to be 
short-term reversals, stock and sector return momentum, 
return volatility, and firm size.
Fourth, simple ML algorithms outperform more complicated 
ML algorithms. This result is very likely because, since there 
are not much data to train on, the simpler models, due 
to their parsimonious nature, are less likely to overfit and 
thereby perform better out of sample. We confirm this obser -
vation from Exhibit 7, where the best out-of-sample Sharpe 
ratio is achieved by a neural network with four hidden layers.
Fifth, the more data there are, the better the ML prediction 
algorithm performs. This is fundamental to the nature of ML 
algorithms, as observed by Halevy et al. (2009) for general 
machine learning applications and confirmed by Choi, Jiang, 
and Zhang (2022) in a financial context.
Predicting Stock Crashes
In this section, we discuss the example of using ML to 
predict stock crashes.
22For more discussion, see Choi, Jiang, and Zhang (2022) and Gu et al. (2020).
23This ML prediction task is studied in Swinkels and Hoogteijling (2022).
24Also called low-volatility equity, among other names.Investment problem
Rather than predicting the rank order of future returns, 
another application for ML algorithms may simply be to pre -
dict the worst-performing stocks—that is, those most likely 
to crash.23 The results of this prediction can be applied 
in such strategies as conservative equities,24 where the 
securities most likely to crash are excluded from the 
investment universe. That is, win by not losing.
Methodology
A crash event for equities is defined as a significant drop 
in a stock’s price relative to peers; thus, it is idiosyncratic 
rather than systematic when a group of stocks or the 
market crashes. The ML prediction is set up as follows:
1. Investment universe: US, international, emerging 
market, and so on
2. ML algorithms: logistic regression, random forest, gra -
dient boosted tree, and ensemble of the three
3. Feature set: various financial distress indicators—such 
as distance to default, volatility, and market beta—in 
addition to traditional fundamental financial metrics
As one can see, the problem setup is very similar to that 
of cross-sectional stock return prediction. The main dif -
ferences are the objective function of the ML algorithm 
(ML prediction goal) and the input feature set (feature engi -
neering). Care should be taken in determining both compo -
nents to ensure the prediction algorithm solves the stated 
problem and performs well out of sample.
Results
The performance of the portfolio of stocks with the highest 
distress probability versus that of the market is shown in 
Exhibit 8 . We see that the performance of the ML algorithm 
is greater than that obtained using traditional approaches 
for both developed and emerging markets.
Looking at the sector composition of the likely distressed 
stocks, shown in Exhibit 9 , we see that the ML algorithm 
choices are reasonable, as technology stocks dominated 
during the bursting of the dot-com bubble in the early 
2000s and financial stocks dominated during the Global 
Financial Crisis of 2008. Overall, we see a wide sector dis -
persion for the likely distressed stocks, indicating that the 
prediction return is mostly from stock selection rather than 
sector allocation.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
14  CFA Institute Research FoundationPredicting Fundamental Variables
In this section, we discuss the example of using ML to pre -
dict company fundamentals.
Investment problem
Predicting stock returns is notoriously hard. As mentioned 
previously, there are potentially thousands of variables (dimensions) that can affect a stock’s performance—
investor sentiment, path dependency, and so on. The var -
ious factors, endogenous and exogenous, ultimately get 
translated into only a one-dimensional response—higher 
return (up) or lower return (down). An easier task may be 
to use ML algorithms to predict company fundamentals, 
such as return on assets and corporate earnings. Company 
fundamentals also have the additional beneficial character -
istic of being more stable than stock returns, making them Exhibit 8. Market Return vs. Return of a Portfolio Consisting of Likely 
Distressed Stocks, Estimated under Various Prediction Approaches
10.0%11.6%
5.0%4.7%4.2%
2.3%4.5%6.3%7.0%
–1.5%
–4%–2%0%2%4%6%8%10%12%14%
Market Volatility Beta Distance to Default ML
Developed Markets Emerging Markets
Source:  Swinkels and Hoogteijling (2022).
Exhibit 9. Sector Composition of the ML-Predicted Likely Distressed Stocks
0%10%20%30%40%50%60%70%80%90%100%
Jan-02 Jan-04 Jan-06 Jan-08 Jan-10 Jan-12 Jan-14 Jan-16 Jan-18 Jan-20
Consumer Disc.
ITEnergy
Consumer Staples
Telecomm.Materials
Health Care
UtilitiesIndustrials
Financials
Real Estate
Source:  Swinkels and Hoogteijling (2022).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  15better suited for ML predictions. Because of these reasons, 
company fundamentals prediction is another popular appli -
cation of ML algorithms in the financial domain. In this sec -
tion, we look at the findings from a popular study25 where 
ML algorithm-predicted earnings forecasts are compared 
with those from more traditional approaches.
Methodology
The investment universe is the US stock market, excluding 
the financial and utility sectors. The study was conducted 
over the period 1975–2019.
Six different ML models were tested: three linear ML models 
(OLS, LASSO, and ridge regression) and three nonlinear 
ML models (random forest, gradient boosting regression, 
and neural networks). Six traditional models were used 
as a benchmark to compare against ML models: random 
walk, autoregressive model, models from Hou, van Dijk, 
and Zhang (2012; HVZ) and So (2013; SO), the earnings 
persistence model, and the residual income model. Various 
ensembles of these models were also tested.
The feature set is composed of 28 major financial state -
ment line items and their first-order differences. So, there 
are 56 features in total.
Results
The results are shown in Exhibit 10 . Consistent with the 
results for cross-sectional stock returns, Cao and You 
(2021) found that machine learning models give more 
accurate earnings forecasts. The linear ML models are 
more accurate than the benchmark traditional models (by 
about 6%), and the nonlinear ML models are more accurate 
than the linear ML models (by about 1%–3% on top of the 
linear model). Not only are the ML models more accurate; 
the traditional models autoregression, HVZ, SO, earnings 
persistence, and residual income were not more accurate 
than the naive random walk model. The ensemble models, 
traditional or machine learned, were more accurate than 
the individual models alone, with the order of accuracy pre -
served: ML ensemble beating traditional methods, ensem -
ble and nonlinear ML ensemble beating linear ML ensemble.
The ML models’ better performance can be attributed to the 
following:
• They are learning economically meaningful predictors 
of future earnings. One can make this conclusion by 
examining feature importance through such tools as 
Shapley value.
25For more details, see Cao and You (2021). The problem of ML company fundamentals prediction was also examined in Alberg and Lipton (2017).
26The MSCI All Country World Index (ACWI) covers stocks from 26 countries.
27Some studies have concluded that in the A-share market, retail trading volume can be up to 80% of the total. In recent years, institutional 
market trading has proportionally increased as the Chinese market matures.• The nonlinearity and interaction effects are useful in 
further refining the accuracy of forward earnings pre -
dictions, as evidenced by the higher performance of 
nonlinear ML models compared with linear ML models.
The takeaway from this study is the same as in the previ -
ous two examples. That is, ML models can provide value 
on top of traditional models (especially due to nonlinearity 
and interaction components), and ensembling is one of the 
closest things to a free lunch in ML, much like diversifica -
tion for investing.
NLP in Multiple Languages
So far, we have discussed problems where ML algorithms 
are used for prediction. Another major category for ML 
applications is textual language reading, understanding, 
and analysis, which is called “natural language process -
ing” (NLP). Modern NLP techniques use neural networks to 
achieve the great capability improvements they have made 
in recent years. NLP is discussed in other chapters of this 
book, so we will not discuss the techniques extensively 
here, but we will discuss one NLP application that can be 
interesting for practitioners.
Investment problem
Investing is a global business, and much of the relevant 
information for security returns is written in the local lan -
guage. In general, a global portfolio may invest in 20–30 
different countries,26 while a typical investor may under -
stand only two or three languages, if that. This fact pres -
ents a problem, but fortunately, it is a problem that we can 
attempt to solve through ML algorithms.
From the perspective of Western investors, one language 
of interest is Chinese. The Chinese A-share market is 
both large and liquid. But understanding Chinese texts on 
A-share investing can be challenging because Chinese is 
not an alphabetical language and it follows very different 
grammatical constructs than English. In addition, since 
retail investors dominate the Chinese A-share market,27 
a subculture of investment slang has developed, where 
terms used are often not standard Chinese, thereby com -
pounding the problem for investors without a strong local 
language understanding.
In a paper by Chen, Lee, and Mussalli (2020), the authors 
applied ML-based NLP techniques to try to understand 
investment slang written in Mandarin Chinese by retail 
investors in online stock discussion forums. We discuss the 
results of that paper here.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
16  CFA Institute Research FoundationMethodology
1. Download and process investment blogs actively par -
ticipated in by Chinese A-share retail investors.
2. Apply embedding-based NLP techniques and train on 
the downloaded investment blogs.
3. Starting with standard Chinese sentiment dictionaries, 
look for words surrounding these standard Chinese 
sentiment words. By the construct of the embedding models, these surrounding words often have the same 
contextual meaning as the words in the standard 
sentiment dictionaries, whether they are standard 
Chinese or slang. An example of this is shown in 
Exhibit 11 .Exhibit 10. Prediction Accuracy Results from Cao and You (2021)
Mean Absolute Forecast Errors Median Absolute Forecast Errors
AverageComparison with RW Comparison with RW
DIFF t-Stat %DIFF Average DIFF t-Stat %DIFF
Benchmark model
RW 0.0764 0.0309
Extant models
AR 0.0755 −0.0009 −2.51 −1.15% 0.0308 −0.0001 −0.22 −0.24%
HYZ 0.0743 −0.0022 −3.63 −2.82% 0.0311 0.0002 0.64 0.76%
EP 0.0742 −0.0022 −2.79 −2.85% 0.0313 0.0004 1.02 1.42%
RI 0.0741 −0.0023 −3.15 −3.07% 0.0311 0.0002 0.66 0.74%
SO 0.0870 0.0105 5.19 13.78% 0.0347 0.0039 5.50 12.56%
Linear machine learning models
OLS 0.0720 −0.0045 −5.04 −5.83% 0.0306 −0.0002 −0.60 −0.73%
LASSO 0.0716 −0.0048 −5.32 −6.31% 0.0304 −0.0004 −1.11 −1.43%
Ridge 0.0718 −0.0047 −5.19 −6.11% 0.0305 −0.0003 −0.87 −1.08%
Nonlinear machine learning models
RF 0.0698 −0.0066 −6.44 −8.64% 0.0296 −0.0012 −3.10 −3.97%
GBR 0.0697 −0.0068 −6.08 −8.86% 0.0292 −0.0016 −4.23 −5.34%
ANN 0.0713 −0.0051 −5.38 −6.67% 0.0310 0.0001 0.24 0.38%
Composite models
COMP_EXT 0.0737 −0.0027 −3.89 −3.58% 0.0311 0.0002 0.56 0.66%
COMP_LR 0.0717 −0.0047 −5.25 −6.16% 0.0305 −0.0004 −1.02 −1.33%
COMP_NL 0.0689 −0.0075 −6.99 −9.87% 0.0292 −0.0017 −3.92 −5.55%
COMP_ML 0.0693 −0.0071 −7.12 −9.35% 0.0294 −0.0015 −3.75 −4.81%
Notes:  RW stands for random walk. AR is the autoregressive model. HVZ is the model from Hou et al. (2012). SO is the model from So (2013). 
EP is the earnings persistence model. RI is the residual income model. RF stands for random forests. GBR stands for gradient boost regression. 
ANN stands for artificial neural networks. COMP_EXT is an ensemble of traditional models. COMP_LR is an ensemble of linear ML models. COMP_NL 
is an ensemble of nonlinear ML models. COMP_ML is an ensemble of all ML models.
Source:  Cao and You (2021).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  17Results
Using this technique, we can detect investment words 
used in standard Chinese and the slang used by retail 
investors. In Exhibit 11, the red dot illustrates the Chinese 
word for “central bank.” The column on the right side of 
Exhibit 11 shows the words closest to this word, and the 
closest is the word that translates to “central mother” 
in Chinese. This is a slang word often used by Chinese 
retail investors as a substitute for the word “central bank” 
because central banks often take actions to calm down 
28In contrast to most of the world’s markets, in the Chinese stock market, gains are colored red whereas losses are colored green.market tantrums, much like a mother does to her children 
when they have tantrums.
The embedded words also exhibit the same embedded 
word vector arithmetic made famous by the following 
example (see Mikolov, Yih, and Zweig 2013): King – Man + 
Woman ≈ Queen. For example, Exhibit 12  shows the 
following embedded Chinese word relationship: Floating 
red – Rise + Fall ≈ Floating green.28
Exhibit 11. Embedded Chinese Words from A-Share Investor Blogs Projected 
onto a 3-D Space
Source:  Chen et al. (2020).
Exhibit 12. Chinese Word Embedding Still Preserves Vector Arithmetic
Source:  Chen et al. (2020).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
18  CFA Institute Research FoundationThis study illustrates that ML techniques not only are 
useful for numerical tasks of results prediction but can 
also be useful in other tasks, such as foreign language 
understanding.
Conclusion
In this chapter, we gave an overview of how ML can be 
applied in financial investing. Because there is a lot of 
excitement around the promise of ML for finance, we 
began the chapter with a discussion on how the finan -
cial market is different from other domains in which ML 
has made tremendous strides in recent years and how it 
would serve the financial ML practitioner to not get carried 
away by the hype. Applying ML to the financial market is 
different from applying ML in other domains in that the 
financial market does not have as much data, the market 
is nonstationary, the market can often behave irrationally 
because human investor emotions are often a big driver 
of market returns, and so on. Given these differences, we 
discussed several common pitfalls and potential mitiga -
tion strategies when applying machine learning to finan -
cial investing.
In the second half of the chapter, we discussed several 
recent studies that have applied ML techniques to invest -
ment problems. Common findings of these studies are 
as follows:
• ML techniques can deliver performance above and 
beyond traditional approaches if applied to the right 
problem.
• The source of ML algorithms’ outperformance includes 
the ability to consider nonlinear and interaction effects 
among the input features.
• Ensembling of ML algorithms often delivers better 
performance than what individual ML algorithms can 
achieve.
We showed that in addition to predicting numerical results, 
ML could also help investors in other tasks, such as sen -
timent analysis or foreign language understanding. Of 
course, the applications discussed here are only a small 
subset of what ML can do in the financial domain. Other 
possible tasks include data cleaning, fraud detection, 
credit scoring, and trading optimization.
Machine learning is a powerful set of tools for investors, 
and we are just at the beginning of the journey of applying 
ML to the investment domain. Like all techniques, machine 
learning is powerful only if applied to the right problems 
and if practitioners know the technique’s limits. Having said 
that, we believe one can expect to see a lot more innova -
tion and improved results coming out of this space going 
forward.References
Abe, M., and H. Nakayama. 2018. “Deep Learning for 
Forecasting Stock Returns in the Cross-Section.” In 
Advances in Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining,  
edited by D. Phung, V. Tseng, G. Webb, B. Ho, M. Ganji, 
and L. Rashidi, 273–84. Berlin: Springer Cham.
Alberg, J., and Z. Lipton. 2017. “Improving Factor-
Based Quantitative Investing by Forecasting Company 
Fundamentals.” Cornell University, arXiv:1711.04837 
(13 November). https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.04837 . 
Arnott, R., C. Harvey, and H. Markowitz. 2019. “A Backtesting 
Protocol in the Era of Machine Learning.” Journal of Financial 
Data Science  1 (1): 64–74.  
Avramov, D., S. Cheng, and L. Metzker. 2022. “Machine 
Learning vs. Economic Restrictions: Evidence from Stock 
Return Predictability.” Management Science  (29 June).
Avramov, D., T. Chordia, and A. Goyal. 2006. “Liquidity and 
Autocorrelations in Individual Stock Returns.” Journal of 
Finance  61 (5): 2365–94.
Birge, J., and Y. Zhang. 2018. “Risk Factors That Explain 
Stock Returns: A Non-Linear Factor Pricing Model.” Working 
paper (9 August).
Cao, K., and H. You. 2021. “Fundamental Analysis via 
Machine Learning.” Emerging Finance and Financial 
Practices eJournal. 
Cao, Larry. 2018. “Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, 
and Deep Learning: A Primer.” Enterprising Investor   
(blog; 13 February). https://blogs.cfainstitute.org/  
investor/2018/02/13/artificial-intelligence- machine-  
learning-and-deep-learning-in-investment-management-
a-primer/ . 
Chen, M., J. Lee, and G. Mussalli. 2020. “Teaching Machines 
to Understand Chinese Investment Slang.” Journal of 
Financial Data Science  2 (1): 116–25.
Choi, D., W. Jiang, and C. Zhang. 2022. “Alpha Go Everywhere: 
Machine Learning and International Stock Returns.” Working 
paper (29 November). Available at https://papers.ssrn.com/
sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3489679 .
Columbus, Louis. 2020. “The State of AI Adoption In Financial 
Services.” Forbes  (31 October). www.forbes.com/sites/  
louiscolumbus/2020/10/31/the-state-of-ai-adoption-in-  
financial-services/?sh=1a4f7be62aac .
Daul, S., T. Jaisson, and A. Nagy. 2022. “Performance 
Attribution of Machine Learning Methods for Stock 
Returns Prediction.” Journal of Finance and Data Science  
8 (November): 86–104.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  19Fama, E., and K. French. 1993. “Common Risk Factors in 
the Returns on Stocks and Bonds.” Journal of Financial 
Economics  33 (1): 3–56.
Goodfellow, I., Y. Bengio, and A. Courville. 2016. Deep 
Learning . Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.
Grinold, R., and R. Kahn. 1999. Active Portfolio Management: 
A Quantitative Approach for Producing Superior Returns and 
Controlling Risk . New York: McGraw Hill.
Gu, S., B. Kelly, and D. Xiu. 2020. “Empirical Asset Pricing 
via Machine Learning.” Review of Financial Studies  33 (5): 
2223–73.
Halevy, A., P. Norvig, and F. Pereira. 2009. “The Unreasonable 
Effectiveness of Data.” IEEE Intelligent Systems  24 (2): 
8–12.
Hanauer, M., and T. Kalsbach. 2022. “Machine Learning and 
the Cross-Section of Emerging Market Stock Returns.” 
Working paper (5 December).
Harvey, C., Y. Liu, and H. Zhu. 2016. “… and the Cross-Section 
of Expected Returns.” Review of Financial Studies 29 (1): 
5-68.
Hastie, T., R. Tibshirani, and J. Friedman. 2009. The Elements 
of Statistical Learning: Data Mining, Inference, and 
Prediction , 2nd ed. New York: Springer. 
Hou, K., M. van Dijk, and Y. Zhang. 2012. “The Implied Cost 
of Capital: A New Approach.” Journal of Accounting and 
Economics  53 (3): 504–26.
Hou, K., C. Xue, and L. Zhang. 2020. “Replicating Anomalies.” 
Review of Financial Studies  33 (5): 2019–133. 
Jessen, C., and D. Lando. 2013. “Robustness of Distance-
to-Default.” 26th Australasian Finance and Banking 
Conference 2013 (16 August).
Leippold, M., Q. Wang, and W. Zhou. 2022. “Machine 
Learning in the Chinese Stock Market.” Journal of Financial 
Economics  145 (2): 64–82. 
Leung, E., H. Lohre, D. Mischlich, Y. Shea, and M. Stroh. 
2021. “The Promises and Pitfalls of Machine Learning for 
Predicting Stock Returns.” Journal of Financial Data Science 
3 (2): 21–50.
Li, Y., Z. Simon, and D. Turkington. 2022. “Investable and 
Interpretable Machine Learning for Equities.” Journal of 
Financial Data Science  4 (1): 54–74.Li, Y., D. Turkington, and A. Yazdani. 2020. “Beyond the 
Black Box: An Intuitive Approach to Investment Prediction 
with Machine Learning.” Journal of Financial Data Science  
2 (1): 61–75.
Lo, A., D. Repin, and B. Steenbarger. 2005. “Greed and Fear 
in Financial Markets: A Clinical Study of Day-Traders.” NBER 
Working Paper No. w11243.
López de Prado, M. 2018. “The 10 Reasons Most Machine 
Learning Funds Fail.” Journal of Portfolio Management  
44 (6): 120–33.
López de Prado, M. 2019. “Ten Applications of Financial 
Machine Learning.” Working paper (22 September). 
Lundberg, S., and S. Lee. 2017. “A Unified Approach to 
Interpreting Model Predictions.” NIPS 17: Proceedings of 
the 31st Conference on Neural Information Processing 
Systems: 4768–77. 
McLean, R., and J. Pontiff. 2016. “Does Academic Research 
Destroy Stock Return Predictability?” Journal of Finance  
71 (1): 5–32.
Mikolov, T., W. Yih, and G. Zweig. 2013. “Linguistic 
Regularities in Continuous Space Word Representations.” 
Proceedings of NAACL-HLT 2013: 746–51. www.aclweb.org/
anthology/N13-1090.pdf . 
Nadeem, Monisa. 2018. “Clearing the Confusion: AI vs. 
Machine Learning vs. Deep Learning.” Global Tech Council 
(25 November). www.globaltechcouncil.org/artificial-intelli -
gence/clearing-the-confusion-ai-vs-machine-learning-vs-
deep-learning/ .
Rasekhschaffe, K., and R. Jones. 2019. “Machine Learning 
for Stock Selection.” Financial Analysts Journal  75 (3): 
70–88.
So, E. 2013. “A New Approach to Predicting Analyst Forecast 
Errors: Do Investors Overweight Analyst Forecasts?” Journal 
of Financial Economics  108 (3): 615–40. 
Swinkels, L., and T. Hoogteijling. 2022. “Forecasting Stock 
Crash Risk with Machine Learning.” White paper, Robeco. 
Tobek, O., and M. Hronec. 2021. “Does It Pay to Follow 
Anomalies Research? Machine Learning Approach with 
International Evidence.” Journal of Financial Markets  
56 (November).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
20  CFA Institute Research Foundation2. ALTERNATIVE DATA AND AI IN INVESTMENT 
RESEARCH
Ingrid Tierens, PhD, CFA
Managing Director, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
Dan Duggan, PhD
Vice President, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and alternative data are not new 
concepts in investment research or finance. AI can be 
broadly defined as using computers to mimic human prob -
lem solving. Alternative data can be broadly defined as any 
data in a nonstructured format. The arrival of computers 
in financial firms and the arrival of nonstructured data in 
digital format meant that entrepreneurial finance profes -
sionals started to see opportunities to address financial 
use cases by leveraging these tools instead of primarily 
relying on the human brain, helped by pen, paper, an 
abacus, or a calculator. If you define investment decision 
making as trying to make objective sense of a wide spec -
trum of diverse data to allocate capital, the appeal of AI and 
alternative data to improve investment decisions should 
not come as a surprise. Although early attempts to codify 
human decision making may not meet today’s definition of 
AI and alternative data, because they may have been either 
too ambitious or have had a marginal impact by today’s 
standards, they paved the way for an innovation cycle that 
is by now well under way in the financial services industry, 
well past its early adoption cycle, and affecting all facets of 
how financial firms conduct their business. From enhanc -
ing investment insights to constructing better portfolios, 
optimizing trading decisions, streamlining client service, 
reducing operational issues, better aligning products to 
client needs, and extracting better business intelligence 
insights, AI and alternative data are leaving their finger -
prints everywhere.
Embedding AI and alternative data into the day-to-day 
activities of an investment analyst is not mission impossi -
ble. It can be compared with executing a New Year’s reso -
lution, such as learning a new language, getting in better 
shape, or running your first marathon. Resolutions become 
reality through commitment, persistence, and resilience. 
The journey of Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research 
(GIR) over the past five-plus years illustrates that you do 
not need expensive “equipment” (i.e., an unlimited budget) 
and an army of “coaches with name recognition” (i.e., hard-
to-find talent) to make a difference. Hard work by open-
minded people who collectively buy into the mission, bring 
different components to the table, learn from each other, 
and collaborate to execute on the joint mission to produce 
leading-edge investment insights will lead to a noticeable impact. This chapter demonstrates that you can start small 
and that investment analysts are not bystanders but play 
a crucial role in making AI and alternative data part of their 
lexicon and research process.
Where Can AI and Alternative 
Data Be Additive? Investment 
Research Use Cases
Alternative data and AI, including machine learning (ML) and 
natural language processing (NLP), are not an end in and of 
themselves but are additional tools in the research toolkit 
to create differentiated investment insights. The key to their 
use in investment research is appreciating that alterna -
tive data and AI do not define the investment thesis but, 
instead, help prove or disprove it. AI and nontraditional data 
can be additive across the spectrum of investment strat -
egies, as long as the AI and data efforts are aligned with a 
particular strategy. Comparing and contrasting systematic 
and fundamental investment strategies can be enlighten -
ing in this regard.
At first glance, AI and alternative data sound as if they may 
only provide an advantage to systematic strategies because 
of their quantitative nature. Within the AI and alternative 
data spectrum, however, there are many niche datasets and 
techniques that may provide added value for fundamental 
strategies that can successfully incorporate data and data 
science expertise in their investment process. Let us take a 
closer look at use cases for each strategy.
For a systematic strategy where breadth matters more than 
depth, datasets and data analysis techniques need to be 
applicable across many securities. Therefore, it should not 
come as a surprise that systematic managers focus their 
time and effort more on alternative datasets or techniques 
that can be applied to a large investment universe. Factors 
extracted from text have been added to many quant 
investment processes, because NLP analysis can be easily 
repeated across company filings, news articles, and other 
documents that are available for large sets of securities. 
In addition, sophisticated econometric techniques can be 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  21helpful to convert individual alphas into more solid multifac -
tor alphas and, in turn, into more robust portfolios. But even 
within systematic strategies, AI and alternative data use 
may differ significantly, especially when the investment 
horizon is taken into account. For example, intraday news 
sentiment indicators may be helpful for high-frequency 
trading strategies, but relatively less value adding for an 
investment professional focused on an investment hori -
zon spanning weeks or months, even if the signals can be 
applied to thousands of securities.
For a fundamental strategy where depth matters more 
than breadth, a portfolio manager or analyst will go deep 
into specific use cases and will put a higher premium on 
precision than a systematic manager dealing with a diver -
sified portfolio and for whom each holding has less of an 
impact on performance. Moreover, niche datasets can be 
more useful for fundamental analysts or portfolio managers 
to complement the information set they draw from, thus 
providing a fuller mosaic view. For example, consumer sen -
timent via social media, brick-and-mortar foot traffic, and 
even consumer search trends around product cycles offer 
different angles to create a more complete picture for con -
sumer-focused sectors. And while sectors with more digital 
presence—for example, retail and technology, media, and 
telecommunications—were early targets for AI and alter -
native data applications, GIR has seen many use cases in 
both single-stock and macro research that may not seem 
like obvious candidates for successful AI or alternative data 
use. Examples include leveraging app downloads in the 
medical device space and localized market share analysis 
for membership in managed care organizations or even 
quarry production.
Which Alternative Data 
Should I Pay Attention To? 
Data Sourcing in a World of 
Overwhelming Data Supply
Keeping up with the supply of alternative and big data is 
a Herculean task. There is an overabundance of providers 
because the barriers to entry in this space have become 
very low. Providers of “traditional” data tend to be estab -
lished organizations that typically offer curated datasets 
and have many years of experience with data due diligence 
and support. With alternative data, the onus of due dili -
gence has shifted from the data producer more to the data 
consumer. There are clear parallels with the production 
and consumption of news, where the due diligence and 
fact checking have similarly shifted from the news provider 
more to the news consumer.The investment needed to bring onboard vendors, ingest 
data, and test the data can outweigh the benefits of a 
new data source, and the licensing costs can further tip 
the scale. Given how time consuming the due diligence 
process can be, the data acquisition efforts within GIR 
are demand driven. Research analysts as subject matter 
experts in their field typically have a good idea of the type 
of data that may be useful for the investment thesis they 
are pursuing. While they may not have locked in a specific 
data source, may not be aware of the most scalable way 
to obtain the data, or may not be comfortable manipu -
lating unstructured data, working backwards from their 
use case and initial data ideas provides a good starting 
point. Ideas for nontraditional data can emerge when 
analysts question whether they have the full mosaic of 
data to assess their thesis and whether the datasets 
they have used so far continue to provide a compre -
hensive picture.
In addition, new data sources do not necessarily need to 
offer orthogonal information but can also be value adding 
if they offer legacy data in a more scalable and more timely 
fashion. The questions that today’s analysts are trying to 
answer are, in essence, no different from what their pre -
decessors tried to address, such as the following: How 
is a new product launch perceived by the marketplace? 
What do price trends and inventories look like? How do 
changing demographics affect the economy? What is dif -
ferent or alternative is that the analyst no longer needs to 
visit stores, run in-person surveys, or pursue other manual 
paths to get answers. A continually increasing amount 
of relevant information is now available in digital format 
on a much larger scale and in a timelier fashion or more 
frequently than was the case in the past. The qualifier 
“alternative” in alternative data may be a bit of a misnomer 
from that perspective.
Some investment managers who are very data driven 
have a separate, dedicated data-scouting effort, possibly 
an extension of the team that interacts with market data 
vendors and brokers to surface new and novel datasets. 
GIR has not gone down that path, because it has found 
that having the subject matter experts—the analysts—take 
at least co-ownership of identifying relevant data sources 
for their specific use cases outweighs the scalability a 
data scout may bring to the table. Where research ana -
lysts often need help is in how to efficiently analyze the 
relevant data, especially as datasets have become more 
complex and harder to wrangle. GIR’s Data Strategy team, a 
dedicated team with a more focused analytical and quan -
titative background, collaborates with single-stock and 
macro research teams to help them achieve that objective 
through its GS Data Works initiative.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
22  CFA Institute Research FoundationUse Cases for Alternative Data at Goldman Sachs 
Global Investment Research
With time and people in short supply, GIR’s Data 
Strategy team cannot chase every data idea, so 
it prioritizes data that can be relevant for multiple 
teams or have a high probability of being used by 
at least one team on an ongoing basis. Data budget 
constraints obviously also play a role, especially in 
a research setting where success in execution of 
research ideas mostly accrues to the benefit of third 
parties. Fortunately, the explosion of data includes 
a diverse and abundant number of publicly avail -
able datasets that have proven useful for research 
purposes when properly combined with other data 
sources already being considered. Exhibit 1  provides 
an overview of alternative data types used across 
the Goldman Sachs research division.
• If the research use case has a geographic 
component, geospatial data may enter the 
equation. Datasets comprise not only ded -
icated geospatial measurements, such as 
mobile foot traffic data, satellite imagery, and 
government population and demographic data, but also a wide variety of information with 
inherent geographical importance, such as 
store locations or electric vehicle charging sta -
tions. GIR’s understanding of brick-and-mortar 
retail sales is greatly enhanced by analyzing 
locations of retailers and their competitors. 
Similarly, leveraging public environmental 
service data (e.g., location-specific landfill 
capacities and lifetimes) provides a deeper 
understanding of the competitive pricing land -
scape in the environmental services industry.
• If the research use case has an online com -
ponent, digital information can be additive. 
Datasets include app downloads, online point-
of-sale information, website visits, product 
counts and pricing, and search trends. Example 
use cases include quantifying consumer 
interest (e.g., search intensity and active user 
counts) to better understand user engagement 
and assessing product launches or distress 
situations through social media sentiment, app 
downloads, and product-specific data.
• If the research use case can be addressed by 
searching through text, NLP techniques may 
uncover additional insights. This category is 
quite broad, covering a wide range of unstruc -
tured data, from earnings call transcripts and 
company filings to tweets and blog posts. 
David Kostin, the chief US equity strategist 
at Goldman Sachs, publishes a quarterly S&P 
500 Beige Book, which leverages NLP to iden -
tify relevant themes each earnings cycle, one 
of the many research areas where NLP has 
proven to be additive.
The three categories in Exhibit 1 are prone to over -
lap, as many datasets span multiple dimensions. 
Ultimately, the combination of dimensions provides 
a more complete mosaic to better answer most 
research questions. GIR thus often uses more than 
one category to enhance its mosaic. For example, 
a company’s pricing power can be derived not only 
from many product codes and prices (digital) but 
potentially also from its local market share in cer -
tain geographic regions (geospatial). In addition, 
commentary about the company’s pricing power 
during earnings calls may be informative for a 
covering analyst (NLP).Exhibit 1. Types of Alternative 
Data Used in Goldman Sachs 
Research
Source:  Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  23Which Component of 
an AI Effort Is the Most 
Time Consuming? The 
Underappreciated Power of 
Doing the Data Grunt Work
Do not expect AI to provide insights if you do not under -
stand the data you apply AI to. Data scientists will be suc -
cessful only if they appreciate the nuances, strengths, and 
weaknesses of the data that go into their modeling efforts. 
Cases of algorithmic bias caused by algorithms trained on 
biased data have made the news in areas outside invest -
ments, but that does not mean investment applications 
are immune to being misguided because of data issues. 
This is an area where investment professionals who may 
not have data science skills but are subject matter experts 
can make a real difference. It is unrealistic to expect a data 
scientist to understand each investment use case, just 
as it is unrealistic to expect each research analyst to be 
a data science expert. However, if the two sides have an 
open mind to learn from each other and iterate, tremendous 
synergies and unique opportunities to expand each other’s 
skill sets will surface.
Before making final decisions on sourcing a particular 
dataset, trying to identify a small test case is strongly 
recommended to give a good flavor of the data without 
time-consuming technological or due diligence hurdles. 
Again, this is where the subject matter expert can play a 
pivotal role. GIR’s data strategists have witnessed more 
than once that a few targeted questions from an experi -
enced analyst during a meeting with a data provider high -
lighted a data shortcoming, which led to shelving the data 
source. Even after onboarding a new data source, you need 
to stay alert because the data may evolve over time, espe -
cially if the provider has limited experience providing data 
or is unfamiliar with how the financial services industry 
may use its data. Goldman Sachs has dealt with situations 
where underlying inputs to the data were removed, added, 
or edited. If, in addition, the data you are sourcing are 
derived from underlying inputs, getting enough transpar -
ency in the algorithms used to create the derived data will 
add more complexity to the task of familiarizing yourself 
with the data. The following are a few important consider -
ations depending on the type of data you are looking at.
• For large and complex datasets, one of the most 
general questions to ask is how comprehensive the 
data are. Certain data fields may have missing values, 
which can bias computational estimates such as 
averages and sums. Such bias has been observed in, 
for example, pricing data attained via web scraping, 
the practice of programmatically extracting publicly-  
available information from websites. The dataset may already have a layer of analysis to account for data 
problems, such as automated filling around missing 
data, as well as more sophisticated analysis choices, 
so it is important to understand the assumptions 
underlying that analysis layer. Another question to 
address is whether the data allow you to delve into 
the dimensions that are relevant for your investment 
thesis. For example, do you need style-specific 
breakouts in addition to aggregated counts when you 
lever Stock Keeping Unit (SKU) counts to assess the 
success of a new product launch?
• Even small datasets may be built off an analysis layer 
that relies on sampling, and problems can arise from 
techniques that either undersample or have inherent 
selection biases built in, such as point-of-sale, satel -
lite imagery, or mobile foot traffic trends. Point-of-sale 
information that requires opt-in consumer panels may 
lever discounts for products in return for data use per -
mission, which may skew demographics beyond what 
a simple reweighting can remedy. Similarly, parking 
lot car counts from satellite imagery cannot measure 
covered parking. Mobile foot traffic data have limited 
precision in malls and other multitenant structures. 
Whatever the dataset, the process of its construction 
is vital to assessing its advantages and limitations to 
ultimately determine its appropriateness.
• For NLP and text analysis, understanding details around 
the input data is also vital to interpreting results. For 
example, third-party aggregators of news articles may 
not be able to see paywall content, which may intro -
duce subtle biases. If you search across multiple text 
sources, are source-specific biases and trends easy to 
separate and identify? Another example is sentiment 
analysis. Results from Instagram will likely be different 
from those from Twitter and Reddit. Breaking apart 
trends and results by source can help identify issues 
that could otherwise translate into misguided signals. 
In addition, when NLP is used for sentiment analysis to 
evaluate important themes, topics, or events, guarding 
against false positive or false negative results plays 
an important role and, simultaneously, provides an 
opportunity for a more nuanced view. For example, 
understanding the difference between a poor consumer 
product, on the one hand, and consumer frustrations 
at out-of-stock items or launch logistics issues, on the 
other hand, will not only strengthen results but also 
better inform investable decisions.
The bottom line is that data curation may not sound overly 
exciting, but it can easily determine success or failure. 
No matter how sophisticated the data analysis capabil -
ities are, the AI effort will fail—or, possibly worse, create 
wrong outputs—if the data do not receive at least as 
much attention as the analysis. Again, this is not an area 
that GIR outsources to a different part of the organization. 
While there are parts of the chain that can potentially be 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
24  CFA Institute Research Foundationhandled by teams with more of an operational background, 
such as data ingestion and low-level cleaning, data cura -
tion requires the attention of the people who are familiar 
enough with the business use case—that is, the combina -
tion of the subject matter research experts and the data 
scientists. As a research division, GIR not only consumes 
data but also produces a substantial number of proprietary 
forecasts and indicators. Wearing both hats has made the 
Goldman Sachs research division appreciate even more 
how nontrivial it is to create trustworthy data.
Where Does Data Analysis 
Come In? Looking at the 
Spectrum of Analytical 
Approaches
Like the data landscape, the analysis landscape has 
expanded dramatically. For data analysis, GIR’s Data 
Strategy team also follows a “pull” approach, as opposed 
to pushing a particular analytical technique in search of a 
problem to solve. The team works backwards from the use 
case at hand and collaborates with research analysts on 
the following questions: What are the strengths and weak -
nesses of approaches you have tried in the past? Are the 
outcomes vastly different when you make minor changes 
to your assumptions? Do outliers have a significant impact on the results? If any of these answers is yes, it may be 
time to try more sophisticated approaches that can add 
robustness to the research findings.
Also like the data landscape, where data fees and required 
effort are counterbalancing factors to simply load up on 
more data, explainability and required effort need to be 
weighed against the promises of AI. If a more straightfor -
ward approach to analyzing the data works, GIR tries to 
avoid adding unnecessary complexity. For example, when 
tracking inflation as a theme in earnings calls, GIR found 
that simply counting mentions of inflation was a robust 
proxy for a much more complex screen consisting of a 
combination of nearly 200 terms. But when the situation 
calls for more complex analysis, data scientists need to be 
able to provide enough intuition so that research analysts 
are comfortable with the outcomes.
If structured appropriately, analysis frameworks can pro -
vide a significant amount of flexibility and scalability. For 
example, Exhibit 2  shows the results of an analysis of 
the pricing power of US environmental service companies 
based on local market dynamics. The different shades of 
color indicate different spot price ranges, a proxy of pric -
ing power. The circles indicate landfill locations scaled 
to capacity. While the datasets leveraged were specific 
to environmental services, the techniques are not. The 
environmental data were combined with a more mature 
geospatial framework that had previously answered similar 
Exhibit 2. Leveraging Geospatial Analysis Applied in One Industry 
to Another Industry
Spot marke t price ($/ton)Land fill location, scaled to  capacity
0 20 40 60 80 100GFL RSG WM WCN other
(click to  toggle)
Sources:  “Americas Environmental Services: Compounding Unit Profitability amid Building Local Market Share,” published by lead equity analyst 
Jerry Revich, CFA, on 6 April 2021. Analysis by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research based on data compiled from the Waste Business 
Journal,  the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation, the California Water Boards, and other state sources.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  25questions for suppliers of heavy building materials, which 
was highlighted in the 2019 “AI Pioneers in Investment 
Management” report by CFA Institute.29
Data science techniques have made remarkable progress, 
from enabling self-driving cars to providing customized 
recommendations for a variety of services and prod -
ucts. Use cases for data science in financial services are 
expanding as well and include, for example, recommenda -
tion engines to customize dissemination of research and 
further advances in trading algorithms that benefit from 
vast amounts of high-frequency order and execution data. 
However, many dynamics in financial markets are inherently 
unstable and adaptive in nature; that is, the amount of data 
that can be used for modeling and running in-sample and 
out-of-sample analyses is limited. This reality puts some 
limitations on how far these techniques can be pushed 
from a purely investment research perspective.
The term “AI” may also suggest that humans have no role 
to play in the analysis phase. As mentioned before, humans 
can add significant value by properly curating data, a nec -
essary input for AI. Similarly, humans will add value by con -
tinuously assessing the results of algorithms. Breakpoints 
in markets, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, keep illustrat -
ing that modeling efforts need to be adapted as markets 
change, and humans play a critical role here. For example, 
some of the Goldman Sachs proprietary “nowcasting” indi -
cators went through that adaptation cycle soon after COVID-
19 became a global phenomenon, and the subject matter 
experts realized how extreme outliers broke down statistical 
relationships used in the creation of the indicators.
Finally, the use of NLP techniques for investment research 
purposes deserves a special mention. GIR’s efforts in this 
field have been geared more toward surfacing specific 
content in a scalable fashion than interpreting the meaning 
or sentiment of written words. Applying NLP to a use case 
where the accuracy of output was essential and consis -
tently finding through human review that the NLP output 
flagged too many false positives and false negatives pro -
vided a good education on some of the boundaries of NLP 
in a research setting.
How Do I Measure Success 
for an AI/Alternative Data 
Effort? Using a Wide Lens 
Instead of a Narrow Lens
The initial hype around AI and alternative data may have 
created unrealistic expectations, which, in turn, led to 
demands for hard evidence that AI and alternative data add 
29“AI Pioneers in Investment Management” (Charlottesville, VA: CFA Institute, 2019). https://www.cfainstitute.org/-/media/documents/survey/
AI-Pioneers-in-Investment-Management.pdf .to a financial institution’s bottom line, especially in cases 
where new data sources come with a hefty price tag and 
data science expertise is hard to find. It is helpful to keep a 
broad perspective and evaluate these efforts, traditional or 
nontraditional, through multiple lenses:
• Does the approach create alpha? While this is the 
question that most people would like to see a concrete 
answer to, it is unlikely that a single dataset or single 
analysis technique will be an alpha generator. For sys -
tematic strategies, it may be possible to backtest a 
strategy with or without inclusion of the AI component 
and measure the marginal alpha contribution. The 
usual caveats related to backtesting apply, but those 
are no different with or without AI and alternative data.
• Does the AI effort produce unique insights in a more 
timely or more precise fashion? For fundamental strat -
egies, the direct alpha added by the AI effort may be 
hard to assess. That said, quantifying the improve -
ment along specific dimensions can be a useful exer -
cise. For example, GIR’s nowcasting of port congestion 
allowed a more real-time confirmation of the shipping 
disruption Ukraine experienced during the early days 
of its invasion by Russia and as the war has continued 
to evolve. GIR’s distance measurements of vessels 
laying high-voltage cable established estimates for 
revenue-driving business at a very granular level. 
GIR’s market share analyses within multiple industrial 
businesses, analyzed via geo-clustering, provided the 
basis for broader statements about company pricing 
power. These examples also illustrate that the major -
ity of GIR’s AI and alternative data efforts are geared 
toward descriptive analyses that feed into the broader 
investment thesis, as opposed to being prescriptive 
analyses that directly lead to an investment recom -
mendation. Knowing what you hope to get out of the 
process can help focus the effort and suitably ground 
expectations of success.
• Does AI create scalability that saves valuable analyst 
time or allows a research hypothesis to be applied 
across a broader set of securities and/or applied 
more frequently? A good example is NLP analysis of 
earnings transcripts, where a GIR analyst can now 
easily identify themes not only across the stocks in 
her own coverage universe but also relative to peer 
companies and assess these themes going back over 
multiple years. Conversations with GIR analysts that 
started as an inquiry about the use of alternative data 
in some cases highlighted much lower hanging fruit, 
where a more systematized approach could create 
scalability that allowed the analysts to consider var -
ious scenarios that could not have been achieved 
manually.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
26  CFA Institute Research FoundationWhile asking for a return on the AI investment is absolutely 
the right thing to do, the hurdles to justify the effort seem 
somewhat unfair relative to how budgets for traditional 
data sources and traditional data analysis (for which the 
costs can also add up) are determined. Trying to identify 
appropriate key performance indicators for an AI effort has 
therefore started to make people question their broader 
data efforts, wondering whether they are extracting suf -
ficient return on investment across the entire data spec -
trum. This evolution is healthy and may lead to a more level 
playing field for AI-focused efforts.
Where Do I Start? It Is a 
Marathon, Not a Sprint
If you are embarking on your AI and alternative data journey 
in a setting with people who already have years of invest -
ment expertise, hiring one or two key people who have 
a data science background, have hands-on experience 
digging into data, and are genuinely interested in learning 
about and solving investment problems is a great starting 
point. Teaming up those key hires with one or two analysts 
who are interested in leveraging and analyzing more data, 
have a solid use case that has staying power, and under -
stand that you need to iterate to get to a useful result 
should allow you to hit the ground running. Investment 
analysts who have ideas for new data to incorporate into 
their process and appreciate that properly analyzing those 
data may require trial and error are great candidates to 
start an organization on its path to AI and alternative data 
adoption and success. The initial use cases ideally do not 
depend on a complicated dataset that may take too long to 
bring on board.
Having senior sponsorship from the start is important. 
Those senior sponsors do not need to have familiarity with 
AI and alternative data themselves but need to have an 
appreciation that these approaches can be additive to the 
investment process. Their role is to provide the trailblaz -
ers some room and cover to experiment and iterate, while 
keeping them accountable by staying on top of (especially 
the initial) use cases. Once there are specific, tangible out -
comes, others can get their heads around what it means 
in practice to lever alternative data and more sophisticated 
techniques. At that point, momentum to expand across the 
organization is created and scaling up the effort across 
geographies, analyst teams, and asset classes becomes a 
realistic next step. 
Another question that is raised in this context is whether 
the AI and alternative data effort should be centralized or 
embedded in each team. As the need for having a dedi -
cated data science expert in each team was de minimis , 
GIR went for a centralized effort that can be thought of as 
an extension of its research teams across the globe and 
across asset classes. Its centralized approach has given GIR the benefit of connecting the dots across use cases 
coming from different research teams.
Other teams in an investment organization can provide 
leverage, and it is good practice to make people in engi -
neering, legal, and compliance departments aware of 
the AI and alternative data effort from Day 1, even if they 
do not have an immediate role to play. As the use cases 
expand, questions about data storage, firewalls, terms and 
conditions, and licensing rights for use of specific data 
sources will increase, which will require proper attention 
from those experts. In addition, as your use cases become 
more sophisticated, you may consider building additional 
functionality in house as opposed to relying on a third party 
to do some of the processing for you (i.e., build versus buy), 
which may require a dedicated engineering focus. GIR’s own 
journey has reflected that evolution, where the first years 
of experience with embedding AI and alternative data pro -
vided a wealth of information on what approaches do and, 
more importantly, do not work and how they can fit into the 
workflow of a research analyst. GIR’s Data Strategy team 
had to revisit a number of initial approaches on how to 
best evolve its data ecosystem but is now in a much better 
position to partner further with colleagues in engineering to 
make it a reality, as opposed to having the initial enthusi -
asm translate into engineering effort spent on building sys -
tems that may not have been properly thought through.
Conclusion
The impact of AI and alternative data on investment 
research is evolutionary, not revolutionary. Goldman Sachs 
looks at nonstructured, alternative, and big data as other 
components in the spectrum of data that may be relevant 
to its research process. It looks at AI, ML, and NLP as other 
components in the spectrum of analytical tools to make 
sense of the data. With the lines between traditional and 
alternative data becoming blurred and an increasingly 
ambiguous definition of what AI does or does not include, 
GIR does not draw artificial boundaries across these spec -
trums and therefore does not assess the value of AI and 
alternative data differently from its other data and analyti -
cal efforts. It draws from the types of data and the types of 
analyses as needed, often mixing unstructured data with 
traditional data and having more sophisticated approaches 
live side by side with more intuitive approaches. Subject 
matter and data science experts team up as appropriate, 
while ensuring they draw the best of man plus machine 
to minimize algorithmic and data biases. As this space 
matures further and the lines blur even more, Goldman 
Sachs expects that this integrated, iterative, and collabo -
rative approach will continue to bear fruit for its investment 
research use cases. And because it also expects that AI 
and alternative data will simply become part and parcel of 
the research process, there may be a day when the labels 
“big” and “alternative” are no longer relevant!

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  273. DATA SCIENCE FOR ACTIVE AND LONG-TERM 
FUNDAMENTAL INVESTING
Kai Cui, PhD
Managing Director, Head of Equity Data Science, Neuberger Berman
Jonathan Shahrabani
Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer – Global Research Strategies, Neuberger Berman
Large-scale alternative data (alt-data) and data science 
are improving the investment techniques in the industry. 
Active asset managers with a long-term orientation par -
ticularly, given their long-term mindset and the resulting 
lower portfolio turnover, have differentiating opportuni -
ties to innovate in data science and big data. Therefore, 
sustainable, long-shelf-life data insights are as import -
ant as (if not more important than) short-term insights 
related to potential mispricing and time-sensitive 
advantages.Long-term fundamental investors in active asset 
management strategies started embracing alt-data and 
data science two or three years later than their hedge fund 
peers. For example, data science has been an increasingly 
important capability of Neuberger Berman since 2017 
across sectors, geographies, and asset classes.
Alt-data allow asset managers to “bear-hug” companies by 
enhancing our understanding of their operations and orga -
nizations independent of and incremental to information 
Data Science Integration at Neuberger Berman
At Neuberger Berman, the data science function is 
deeply integrated and provides significant added 
value in its practices managing global equity man -
dates for institutional, retail, and high-net-worth 
investors. Idea generation is the combined effort 
and responsibility of both fundamental industry 
analysts and data scientists.
Given the vast alternative data footprint that is 
continuously being created by companies, the 
teams use research templates and data science 
processes—including data science–integrated 
scalable financial models, data modeling, and ana -
lytical tools—extensively to systematically capture 
and synthesize this information.
The design and construction of these research 
templates are a collaboration between both 
fundamental industry analysts and data scientists. 
These templates capture the key performance 
indicators (KPIs) for a given industry and key thesis 
metrics and data insights for a given company 
that are material to its longer-term earnings power. 
Simultaneously, with curated long-term fundamental 
support, we actively construct and track a spectrum 
of alt-data metrics to glean a comprehensive view of the company’s real-time operational metrics 
and/or risk toward our long-term growth targets.
Both fundamental industry analysts and data 
scientists review these data on at least a weekly 
basis and discuss any notable upward or down -
ward movements.
If a template is not relevant for a given industry or 
company (or a deep dive is required), fundamental 
industry analysts and data scientists partner on a 
custom analysis. As can be expected, custom anal -
yses require extensive collaboration between both 
parties. For certain industries, such as health care, 
the background of the fundamental industry analyst 
takes on increasing importance because of the vast 
differences between subsectors (biotechnology, 
pharmaceuticals, life sciences, etc.).
During year-end reviews, fundamental industry 
analysts and data scientists are evaluated based 
on their contributions from multiple perspectives, 
including, but not limited to, investment perfor -
mance, engagement, and strategy innovations 
and development. These are important drivers of 
incentives for both parties.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
28  CFA Institute Research Foundationgleaned from financial statements and management 
interactions. The depth and breadth of alternative data, 
if analyzed and integrated correctly, can generate invalu -
able insights with a longer shelf life for long-term alpha 
generation.
The Operating Model and 
Evolution of Data Science 
Integration
There is no single best operating model for data science 
integration that fits all active asset managers. Data science 
must be customized to fit into each firm’s own unique 
culture, organizational structure, core value proposition, 
strategic prioritization, and even innovative budgeting 
methods.
Evolution of the Data 
Science Organization
In this section, we discuss the decision of whether to 
use a centralized or decentralized data science team and 
how to evaluate the return on investment of data science 
initiatives.
To Centralize or Not
While a highly centralized data science team may enjoy 
more autonomy than decentralized teams and serve well 
as an innovation hub or research lab, if detached from 
investment decision making and business opportunities, 
it tends to fail to drive sustainable innovation that can be 
integrated or provide incremental value to the core invest -
ment platform.30 In contrast, a completely decentralized 
data science team can prove economically inefficient and 
risk duplication of effort, especially when data scientists 
are less experienced.
The level of data science integration among strategies 
varies, and we can distinguish three stages of data science 
integration/engagement with investment teams even within 
the same firm: (1) engagement to establish credibility, (2) 
active and deep integration for investment evaluation, and 
(3) data science as part of the core investment strategy.
The level of centralization depends on the stage of data 
science integration. Generally, the data science team is 
centralized in the early to intermediate stages of develop -
ment. When best practices are established and experience 
grows, experienced data scientists can make a more direct 
impact as part of an investment team’s decision-making 
30For more discussion on centralization, see CFA Institute, “T-Shaped Teams: Organizing to Adopt AI and Big Data at Investment Firms”  
(2021, p. 23). www.cfainstitute.org/-/media/documents/article/industry-research/t-shaped-teams.pdf .processes. The transition will happen faster as more data 
scientists and analysts are developed with training in both 
data science and fundamental investing.
Evaluating Data Science Initiatives’ 
Return on Investment
While it is important that all data science initiatives start 
with illustrating incremental added value and establishing 
good engagement relationships with fundamental industry 
analysts, rapid “time to market” and the early establishment 
of credibility and process momentum on the road to subse -
quent stages are essential as well. Notably and importantly, 
the KPIs for team performance and return on investment 
(ROI) assessment could be different when planning and pri -
oritizing engagement/integration efforts in different stages 
of data science and investment process integration.
For example, driving data source coverage, metrics and 
insights coverage, and the number of high-quality use 
cases are essential in the early stage to establish cred -
ibility. When coming to more active and deeper integra -
tion, data science teams need to align performance KPIs 
with the measurement of investment decision-making 
impacts and contribution to investment performance. 
Furthermore, if data science is part of a core investment 
strategy and/or is driving innovative investment solu -
tions for investors and prospects, additional KPIs and ROI 
measurements on contribution to strategic development, 
growth in assets under management, and client engage -
ment are also important, in addition to the contribution to 
investment performance. Over time, data science efforts 
evolve with the growing capabilities of team members 
and the closer partnership with fundamental industry 
analysts, and we continue to enable the data science 
team for long-term success focusing on deeper integra -
tion into both investment decision making and innovative 
investment solutions.
ROI assessment of data insights and data sources also 
needs to be customized to the investment styles of 
active asset managers while taking into account such 
factors as investment capacity , which is as important 
as investment performance for innovative data sci -
ence–integrated investment solutions. For example, alt-
data may have proven to generate incremental alpha in 
sector-focused, cross-sectional systematic strategies, 
but a data science platform supporting more diversified 
signals and types of strategies needs further devel -
opment to support diversified client demands, global 
exposure, and thus the larger-scale investment capacity 
requirement needed by a large global asset manager 
with a long-term orientation.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  29Analysts with Training 
in Both Data Science 
and Investments
At the 1997 Worldwide Developer Conference, Steve Jobs 
was asked “to express in clear terms how, say, Java, in 
any of its incarnations, expresses the ideas embodied in 
OpenDoc.” His answer was to start with the key business 
question of how to best serve customers rather than 
“sitting down with engineers and figuring out what 
awesome technologies we have and how we are going to 
market that.”31
Data scientists often have similar questions for their 
fundamental investing counterparts, such as, Are the 
vast amounts of new metrics generated from new data 
sources and data science techniques fully understood 
and appreciated by fundamental investment professionals 
to realize their full potential? The correct answer is also 
similar: Data science endeavors should start with key 
investment questions rather than what data and metrics 
data scientists have already built and how to figure out use 
cases out of them.
A large portion of the data created daily proves of limited 
value to data scientists in evaluating investment oppor -
tunities. In contrast, we focus on data insights into key 
controversies and thesis metrics that allow us to have an 
informed and, often, differentiated view on a company’s 
earnings power relative to market expectations three to 
five years out.
To this end, data scientists on the team (including some 
with a prior background as fundamental industry analysts) 
have been trained internally for both data science and 
fundamental research skills.32 This training ensures data 
scientists have a strong knowledge to initiate meaningful 
discussions of investment use cases in multiple industries, 
as well as the key drivers of earnings power. Inevitably, 
some mistakes have been made along the way, but they 
created opportunities for data scientists and fundamen -
tal analysts to learn to speak the same language and 
strengthen their bond.
Data scientists with a background and training in funda -
mental investing have a better chance of cutting through 
conflicting and noisy data. For example, a high number of 
open job listings for a given company’s salesforce provides 
a better indication of business momentum in some indus -
tries than in others. However, it can also mean employee 
retention is low and signal underlying issues for an 
31For a transcript and video of the remarks by Steve Jobs, see, e.g., Sebastiaan van der Lans, “Transcript: Steve Jobs at Apple’s WWDC 1997,” 
Sebastiaan van der Lans—On WordPress, Blockchain, Timestamps & Trust  (blog, 3 January 2020). https://sebastiaans.blog/steve-jobs-  
wwdc-1997/ .
32For a related discussion on the evolution of investment and data science function integrations, see CFA Institute, “T-Shaped Teams.”organization. Understanding the nuances of each company 
and its peers (competitive positioning, geographic foot -
print, merger and acquisition strategy, etc.) is critical.
Armed with their alternative data findings, data scientists 
and fundamental industry analysts are able to engage 
company executives on a deeper level, provide additional 
insights into the inner workings of the company under 
study, and enrich our insights into an investee organization. 
It is our experience that analyzing data in isolation and 
without context can lead to erroneous conclusions.
Longer-Term Earnings Power 
Insights vs. Shorter-Term 
Operational Monitoring
Integrating alt-data into the fundamental investing frame -
work allows investment teams to have an informed and, 
often, differentiated view on a portfolio company’s earnings 
power three to five years out. At the same time, actively 
constructing and tracking a spectrum of short-term alt-
data metrics to develop a comprehensive view of real-time 
operational metrics and/or risk toward our longer-term 
growth targets are equally important.
For example, many investment management firms have 
access to some form of credit card data. Indeed, there are 
many third-party providers in the marketplace that scrub 
this type of data for subscribers and provide an easily 
digestible format in real time. On the surface, credit card 
data in raw form and slightly lagged delivery provide less 
of a timeliness advantage. However, these data may allow 
data scientists working with long-term investment teams 
to perform in-depth proprietary research that is better 
aligned with their core investment disciplines.
Although many large, publicly traded companies are heav -
ily researched and alt-data coverage is not universally 
and equally distributed, it is still possible, with balanced 
longer-term earning power insights and shorter-term oper -
ational metrics monitoring, to have a differentiated view 
about earnings power relative to market consensus. A few 
specific examples will help illustrate this point.
An Athleisure Brand
A working, fundamental thesis postulated that the oper -
ating margin of a leading athleisure brand was at an 
inflection point, driven by growth in the company’s digital 
offering. Presented with this thesis, the data science team 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
30  CFA Institute Research Foundationrecommended a proprietary analysis breaking down the 
average selling price (ASP) between the company’s digital 
and brick-and-mortar transactions. The fundamental indus -
try analyst agreed with the data science team that such 
an analysis would be highly valuable, particularly because 
the management team of the company in question pro -
vided minimal disclosure regarding its digital offerings. The 
results of the analysis showed a significant premium for 
an extended period of time on digital transactions versus 
brick-and-mortar transactions.
Taking it one step further, the fundamental industry analyst 
later proposed tracking and monitoring the ASPs of the 
company under review versus a major competitor as further 
validation of the thesis. Indeed, the ASP premium achieved 
by the company in digital transactions over this major 
competitor was materially higher over a similar period of 
time. This analysis contributed to our portfolio management 
team’s initiation of an investment position in the stock, 
supported by our increasing confidence that the operating 
margins of the company could expand meaningfully above 
consensus expectations over the medium term and long 
term. At the same time, because the company was one of 
the best covered names by alt-data sources, an array of 
metrics was actively monitored to glean a comprehensive 
view of the company’s operations, including digital app 
engagement, consumer interests in various product lines, 
pricing power, and geographic new initiatives.
A Global Luxury Brand
A fundamental industry analyst began to lose conviction 
when recommending a well-known global luxury com -
pany because of the Chinese government’s emphasis on 
“common prosperity.” The growth of the luxury industry in 
recent years has been dominated by Chinese consumers. 
As a way to cut across the debate, given the analyst’s view 
that the impact of a government initiative might not be 
easily spotted in conventional data, the data science team 
captured multiple operational KPIs.
Although we did see a modest dip in some short-term data 
metrics, such as social media momentum, we performed 
an extensive analysis of the company’s customer base over 
a comprehensive period of time, which was more indica -
tive of the company’s ability to contribute to our long-term 
growth targets. Specifically, our analysis revealed that 
many months after the government’s “common prosperity” push, the company’s largest cohort of customers (female 
midlevel wage earners) increased their spending as a 
percentage of disposable income at this brand. Such an 
approach ultimately allowed our portfolio management 
teams to maintain ownership in the stock based on unobvi -
ous alt-data metrics that our data science team turned into 
an investible insight.
A Leading Asset Manager
A fundamental working thesis held that many investors 
were underestimating the growth of a new retail product 
offered by a leading asset manager. In addition to tracking 
regular asset flow data provided by the company, our fun -
damental industry analyst colleagues and the data science 
team developed an alternative method for tracking and 
monitoring traffic in the new product on the web portal of 
this specific retailer. This analysis contributed to our portfo -
lio management teams’ initiation of a position in the stock, 
bolstered by increased confidence in its earnings power 
and potential for upside growth.
Later, our ongoing tracking and monitoring of the data 
allowed our portfolio management team to play defense 
when necessary. Specifically, a sharp drop-off in web portal 
traffic observed by our data science team ultimately led to 
a more cautious outlook by our fundamental industry ana -
lyst and portfolio management teams. This, in turn, resulted 
in our portfolio management team’s reduction (and in some 
cases elimination) of its position in the stock.
Conclusion
Data science and alternative data can help provide insights 
and added value to a range of investment processes, strat -
egies, and portfolio management teams. However, there 
exists no single, self-evident methodology or road map to 
follow. Rather—and critically—distinct investment strate -
gies, investment horizons, and portfolio teams each require 
their own individual approaches to the use of data science 
and the range of alternative datasets they can leverage.
The winning formula, in our opinion, is a partnership-driven 
approach that brings together data scientists, fundamental 
analysts, and portfolio managers with value-added 
datasets specifically built to address the firm’s specific 
investment needs.

II. NATURAL LANGUAGE UNDERSTANDING, 
PROCESSING, AND GENERATION: 
INVESTMENT APPLICATIONSHANDBOOK OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
AND BIG DATA APPLICATIONS IN  
INVESTMENTS
This book can be found at cfainstitute.org/ai-and-big-data

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
32  CFA Institute Research Foundation4. UNLOCKING INSIGHTS AND OPPORTUNITIES 
WITH NLP IN ASSET MANAGEMENT
Andrew Chin
Head of Quantitative Research and Chief Data Scientist, AllianceBernstein
Yuyu Fan
Senior Data Scientist, AllianceBernstein
Che Guan
Senior Data Scientist, AllianceBernstein
Introduction
A confluence of events is affecting the asset management 
industry, forcing industry participants to rethink their com -
petitive positioning and evolve to survive in the new world 
order. Geopolitical, regulatory, technological, and social trends 
are upending long-held norms, and the status quo is likely an 
untenable option for many firms. These forces are creating a 
host of challenges for existing players and presenting new 
opportunities for emerging firms. We discuss some of the key 
challenges affecting the active management industry in this 
new environment. While our list is not meant to be exhaustive, 
we focus on the main trends that will drive the adoption of 
text mining techniques in the coming years. We also provide 
the motivation for firms to leverage natural language process -
ing (NLP) to capitalize on these trends.
Low Expected Returns
The driving focus for many investors since the Global 
Financial Crisis (GFC) has been the search for returns. 
Bond yields collapsed following the GFC, and concerns 
about economic growth suppressed expectations around 
equity returns. With prospects for returns expected to be 
much lower versus historical norms, asset owners and 
asset managers widened their search for high-yielding 
and high-returning assets. At the end of 2021, US 10-year 
government yields hovered near all-time lows, at 1.5%, and 
the price-to-earnings ratio of the S&P 500 Index was at 
25, higher than historical averages. Although inflationary 
concerns caused a rise in rates and a significant draw -
down in equity markets over the first nine months of 2022, 
below-average yields and above-average equity valuations 
persist across many countries, implying that future returns 
will likely be on the low end of long-term trends.
Over the past decade, investors are increasingly taking on 
more risk in an effort to enhance returns. Private markets 
and structured products are becoming more popular in the 
asset allocations of many investors. While these historically niche areas are becoming more mainstream, the investment, 
operational, and counterparty risks associated with them may 
still not be fully understood. Nevertheless, the low expected 
returns in the current environment are pushing asset 
managers to find new sources of returns and differentiation.
Active Managers Have Struggled
While investors are searching for higher returns, active man -
agers, overall, have not delivered on their promises. Over the 
past decade, active managers have underperformed their 
respective benchmarks. Exhibit  1 shows the percentage of 
US large-cap equity managers outperforming the broad US 
market as measured by the Russell 1000 Index. During any 
given year since the GFC, about one-third of the managers 
have beaten their benchmarks, suggesting that over longer 
horizons, even fewer managers are consistently beating the 
markets and providing value for their clients.
As a result of these struggles, management fees have col -
lapsed, and significant assets have moved from high-fee, 
active to low-fee, passive strategies. Specifically, index prod -
ucts at the largest asset managers have swelled over the 
past decade, adding further to the headwinds for active man -
agement. One only needs to witness the enormous growth 
of such popular products as the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust 
(SPY) or the Vanguard 500 Index ETF (VOO) to gauge investor 
preferences. Many believe that these trends are set to persist 
unless active managers can reverse their recent headwinds.
Big Data and Data Science Present 
Opportunities
Given these challenges, asset managers are looking 
to provide higher and more consistent returns for their 
clients. For long-only managers, market returns dominate 
total portfolio returns; most of these managers have a 
beta close to 1 against their benchmark, and as a result, 
portfolio returns will largely mimic the returns of the 
broader market. Managers may look outside their stated 
© 2023 CFA Institute Research Foundation. All rights reserved.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  33benchmarks to enhance their returns. For example, equity 
managers may include IPOs (initial public offerings) and 
SPACs (special purpose acquisition companies) to poten -
tially increase returns, while bond managers may include 
securitized instruments or other higher-yielding assets to 
enhance performance. All these strategies look “outside the 
benchmark” for investment opportunities and attempt to 
enhance the total returns of the portfolios.
Managers look to provide a consistent edge above and 
beyond the broad markets by attempting to uncover dif -
ferentiated insights around potential investments. They 
endeavor to gain a deeper understanding of their invest -
ments, giving them more confidence in the companies or 
the securities they are interested in. Examples include a 
consumer analyst having a better sense of customer pref -
erences for a certain brand or a tech analyst being able to 
forecast the technology stack favored by companies in the 
future. Other examples may include a systematic process 
that leverages unique data sources or uses sophisticated 
algorithms to synthesize data. These insights can give orga -
nizations the confidence they need to bolster their convic -
tions and deliver stronger performance for their clients.
To do this, portfolio managers are increasingly turning to 
new data sources and more sophisticated techniques to 
provide the edge they need to survive.
Alternative Data
Traditional  data  normally refers to structured data that 
managers have been consuming for decades. These data 
can easily be shown in a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet in two dimensions: Typically, time is used as one dimension, 
and some market or company variable is used as the other 
dimension. Over the past decade, new data sources have 
emerged to complement the traditional data sources. The 
four “Vs” in Exhibit  2 can be used to describe the “bigness” 
of the new data. Volume refers to the exponential growth in 
the amount of data available. Velocity describes the speed at 
which data are produced and consumed. Variety describes 
the range of data types and sources. Finally, the fourth V, 
veracity, is critical because having more data is not neces -
sarily useful unless the data are verifiable and deemed to be 
accurate. The data collected on smartphones illustrate the 
4 Vs. Data are being created constantly on smartphones as 
users’ apps track their various activities (volume). These data 
may come in text, audio, or video formats (variety). As mes -
sages and notifications are received, the user may interact 
with or respond to the prompts (velocity). For these data to be 
useful, phone manufacturers and app developers create algo -
rithms to cleanse, store, and enrich the data (veracity). These 
forces are playing out across all sectors of the economy.
Asset managers have had success in collecting and incor -
porating these new data into their investment processes. 
Initial use cases include summarizing customer reviews 
and comments on social media and other platforms. For 
example, when Starbucks introduced its new rewards 
program in February 2016, many customers took to Twitter 
to protest the changes. Exhibit  3 shows that there were 
significantly more “angry” and “dislike” tweets after the 
initial announcement and even following the rollout about 
one month later. Portfolio managers holding Starbucks in 
their portfolios could have used these trends to study the 
potential impact of the loyalty program changes before Exhibit 1. Percentage of Funds Outperforming the Russell 1000 Index, 
2003–2021
29
2003 2004 2005 2006 20072008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 20214045
3761
48 48
20 213241 4148
43
283440
19 1950%
Source:  Bank of America.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
34  CFA Institute Research Foundationthe company officially reported the financial impact, likely 
in April 2016 to cover Q1 2016 performance. Reading and 
summarizing the sentiment of the tweets can give asset 
managers an early indication of the impact of the rewards 
program changes. In this case, Exhibit 3 suggests that the 
negative tweets had largely disappeared in April, and thus, 
the changes were unlikely to have a significant impact on 
Starbucks’ financial performance.Other applications with Twitter include measuring voting 
intentions during elections and monitoring product roll -
outs and advertising campaigns. Beyond Twitter, product 
review sites and message boards may be useful for cus -
tomer feedback on brands and trends. In many of these 
early use cases, ingesting, cleansing, and interpreting 
text data were key ingredients to success. Specifically, 
measuring sentiment and intentions across thousands Exhibit 3. Tweets Relating to “Starbucks Rewards,” 1 February 2016–25  
April 2016
1-Feb-1620,000
Initial announcemen t
of changesRollout of changes18,000
16,000
14,000
12,000
10,000# of Tw eets
8,000
6,000
4,000
2,000
0
3-Feb-16
5-Feb-16
7-Feb-16
9-Feb-16
11-Feb-16
13-Feb-16
15-Feb-16
17-Feb-16
19-Feb-16
21-Feb-16
23-Feb-16
25-Feb-16
27-Feb-16
29-Feb-16
2-Mar -16
4-Mar -16
6-Mar -16
8-Mar -16
10-Mar -16
12-Mar -16
14-Mar -16
16-Mar -16
18-Mar -16
20-Mar -16
22-Mar -16
24-Mar -16
26-Mar -16
28-Mar -16
30-Mar -16
1-Apr -16
3-Apr -16
5-Apr -16
7-Apr-16
9-Apr -16
11-Apr -16
13-Apr -16
15-Apr -16
17-Apr-16
19-Apr -16
21-Apr -16
23-Apr -16
25-Apr -16
Positiv e Neutral Angry Dislik e
Source:  AllianceBernstein.Exhibit 2. The Four Vs of Alternative Data
Amount of dataVOLUME VELOCITY VARIETY VERACITY
Speed at which data
are producedRange of data types
and sourcesTruth or accuracy
of data

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  35and millions of textual data requires sophisticated tools. 
This area is well suited for NLP.
With the evolving geopolitical and regulatory risks, com -
panies are also looking to new data sources from govern -
ments. News and tweets can provide real-time insights 
into government policies and priorities, while public data 
sources containing infrastructure projects, shipping routes, 
energy consumption, enforcement actions, health data, and 
government spending can influence investment decisions 
across asset classes. Asset managers are increasingly 
leveraging these new datasets to enrich their understand -
ing of the world and their impact on financial markets.
Artificial Intelligence and NLP
Artificial intelligence (AI) is the study of emulating human 
understanding and reaction to various situations. Machine 
learning (ML) is a branch of AI focused on machines learn -
ing to think by training on data. NLP is a specific form of 
ML that focuses on understanding and interpreting textual 
and spoken data. It uses linguistics, computer science, and 
statistics to create models that can understand text and 
respond to text.
NLP is a natural tool for the asset management industry 
because many activities of asset managers are driven 
by text data. Indeed, many of the alternative data trends 
require NLP capabilities to fully leverage their potential.
Before we discuss the applications of NLP in finance, an 
examination of NLP’s successes and challenges in other 
industries can yield some insights into the evolution and 
adoption of these tools in our industry.
NLP Evolution and 
Applications
NLP research started prior to the 1950s, but the Turing 
test, developed by Alan Turing in 1950, was one of the 
first attempts to emulate human language understanding 
(Turing 1950, p. 457). It tests a machine’s ability to “exhibit 
intelligent behavior” indistinguishable from humans. 
Initially, most of the algorithms to process language were 
based on predefined rules.
With the development of faster machines and the intro -
duction of WordNet and the Penn Tree Bank in the 1980s, 
NLP gained prominence among researchers in computer 
science and in linguistics. More recently, language models 
incorporating neural networks, such as word2vec, allowed 
a vast cadre of researchers to train NLP models across 
different domains.
Recent NLP research relies on underlying language 
models to process text. A language model is a probability distribution over sequences of words. These probabilities 
are typically generated by training the language model on 
text corpora, including books, articles, news, and other 
forms of written text. Traditional language models include 
n-gram and recurrent neural network (RNN) models.
An n-gram model is a type of probabilistic model that pre -
dicts the most probable word following a sequence of n 
words. Since training corpora are typically limited, there 
may be many n-grams with zero probability (combinations 
of words that have never been seen before), especially as 
n increases. To overcome this scarcity issue, word vectors 
and mathematical functions can be used to capture history 
from text sequences and are commonly used in RNN 
language models.
Later implementations of RNNs use word embeddings to 
capture words and their positions in sequential text. These 
features allow RNNs to process text of varying lengths 
and retain longer word histories and their importance. The 
introduction of long short-term memory (Hochreiter and 
Schmidhuber 1997) in the 1990s further improved on tradi -
tional RNNs with additional capabilities to maintain informa -
tion over long periods of time.
While RNNs form the backbone of many language models, 
there are limitations. Specifically, since text is processed 
sequentially, it is time consuming to train and apply these 
models. Moreover, when sequences are exceptionally long, 
RNN models may forget the contents of distant positions 
in sequences. Attention mechanisms (Vaswani, Shazeer, 
Parmar, Uszkoreit, Jones, Gomez, Kaiser, and Polosukhin 
2017) are commonly used to overcome this memory issue 
by capturing word positioning and relevance regardless 
of their location in sequences and allowing the neural 
network models to focus on the most valuable parts of 
the sequences. Based on attention mechanisms, trans -
former-based models were introduced in 2017; they vastly 
improved the performance of language models across 
various tasks. Some of the most well-known transformers 
include the Bidirectional Encoder Representations from 
Transformers or BERT (Devlin, Chang, Lee, and Toutanova 
2018), Google’s T5 (Raffel, Shazeer, Roberts, Lee, Narang, 
Matena, Zhou, Li, and Liu 2020), and OpenAI’s GPT3 (Brown, 
Mann, Ryder, Subbiah, Kaplan, Dhariwal, Neelakantan, 
Shyam, Sastry, Askell, et al. 2020).
The parameters in modern NLP models are typically 
initialized through pretraining. This process starts with 
a base model, initializes the weights randomly, and 
trains the model from scratch on large corpora. To adjust 
a pretrained model for specific problems and domains, 
researchers fine-tune their models by further training them 
on the desired domain and making small adjustments to 
the underlying model to achieve the desired output or 
performance. Fine-tuning is a form of transfer learning 
where model parameters are adjusted for a specific task.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
36  CFA Institute Research FoundationNLP models have been applied successfully in a variety 
of settings and already play important roles in our 
everyday lives.
Spam detection  is one of the most important and practical 
applications of machine learning. Spam messages usually 
contain eye-catching words, such as “free,” “win,” “winner,” 
“cash,” or “prize,” and tend to have words written in all 
capital letters or use a lot of exclamation marks. Language 
models can be fine-tuned to search for these common 
spam features to identify unwanted messages. Another 
popular approach for spam detection leverages supervised 
learning and the naive Bayes algorithm by first annotating 
messages as either “spam” or “not spam” and then train -
ing a model to learn from the annotations to classify new 
messages.
NLP models use part-of-speech tagging  techniques that 
identify the nouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, and so on 
in a given a sentence. These methods enable the language 
models to fully understand and interpret the text.
Topic modeling  using such techniques as latent Dirichlet 
allocation, or LDA (Blei, Ng, and Jordan 2003), have been 
applied extensively to extract key themes and topics in a 
series of sentences or texts and thus provide the ability to 
summarize documents quickly.
As noted earlier, data have exploded in terms of volume, 
velocity, and variety. Social media platforms, online forums, 
and company websites provide a plethora of text-based 
datasets that are waiting to be mined. Sentiment analysis  
can be used to analyze how different segments of the pop -
ulation view certain products, events, policies, and so on.
Machine language translation  can be modeled as a 
sequence-to-sequence learning problem—that is, a sen -
tence in the source language and another sequence 
returned in the translated target language. RNNs can be 
used to encode the meaning of the input sentence and 
decode the model calculations to produce the output.
Not long ago, voice user interfaces  (VUIs) were in the realm 
of science fiction, but voice-enabled agents are becoming 
commonplace on our phones, computers, and cars. Indeed, 
many people may not even be aware that NLP provides the 
foundation for these systems. Under the hood, audio sound 
waves from voice are converted into language texts using 
ML algorithms and probabilistic models. The resulting text 
is then synthesized by the underlying language models 
to determine the meaning before formulating a response. 
Finally, the response text is converted back into under -
standable speech with ML tools.
One of the most exciting innovations in VUIs today is 
conversational AI  technology. One can now carry on a con -
versation with a cloud-based system that incorporates 
well-tuned speech recognition, synthesis, and generation 
into one system or device. Examples include Apple’s Siri, Microsoft’s Cortana, Google Home, and Amazon’s Alexa. 
The home assistant devices in this category are quite 
flexible. In addition to running a search or providing the 
weather, these devices can interface with other user-
linked devices on the internet to provide more compre -
hensive responses. Finally, these technologies leverage 
cloud-based tools for speech recognition and synthesis 
to integrate conversational AI into many aspects of our 
everyday lives.
The goal behind a question answering  (QA) system is 
to respond to a user’s question by directly extracting 
information from passages or combinations of words 
within documents, conversations, and online searches. 
Almost all the state-of-the-art QA systems are built on 
top of pretrained language models, such as BERT (Liu, 
Ott, Goyal, Du, Joshi, Chen, Levy, Lewis, Zettlemoyer, and 
Stoyanov 2019; Joshi, Chen, Liu, Weld, Zettlemoyer, and 
Levy 2020; Rajpurkar, Zhang, Lopyrev, and Liang 2016). 
Compared with systems that require users to scan an 
entire document, QA systems are more efficient because 
they attempt to narrow down answers quickly. Nowadays, 
QA systems are the foundation of chatbots, and some QA 
systems have extended beyond text to pictures. In some 
respects, QA systems can be viewed as the most generic 
of all the NLP solutions because the input questions can 
include translations, key topics, part-of-speech tags, or 
sentiment analysis.
NLP in Finance and Asset 
Management
In this section, we discuss how NLP is used in finance and 
asset management. 
Decision-Making Framework
Given the success of NLP in solving a wide swath of prob -
lems, we now discuss its applications in finance. We start 
with the basic decision-making framework because it 
directly addresses the challenges that lead organizations 
toward NLP. Exhibit 4  describes the broad actions we nor -
mally take to make decisions, regardless of whether those 
decisions are in finance or in everyday life. As we will see, 
this framework informs where NLP can be impactful.
• Gather data: Investors want to have a comprehensive 
view of all the data that may affect their decisions. 
Analysts collect financial information as well as com -
petitor, supplier, and customer data. These data can 
come in many forms; alternative data sources have 
expanded the breadth of available data on potential 
investments. Whereas before, analysts would gauge 
real-time buying trends by visiting physical stores, 
they can now see more comprehensive data through 
geolocation or footfall data. This type of data is more 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  37comprehensive because it covers many locations 
rather than just a hand-picked few and it tracks the 
trends consistently rather than for a subset of hours 
over a week. Ultimately, investors collect and monitor 
as much data as they can for their decision-making 
process.
• Extract insights: With reams of data at their finger -
tips, investors need to decide how to synthesize the 
data to make informed decisions. Doing so normally 
involves two steps: (1) determining what the data are 
saying and (2) deciding how to weigh each of the data 
points in the eventual answer.
Financial data and figures are relatively easy to interpret. 
Trends and other statistics can be calculated from the data 
to predict future performance. It is much more difficult to 
interpret nonfinancial data. For example, interpreting a writ -
ten customer review on a website may be difficult because 
the source and intention of the review are both unclear. 
Even if we assume the review is objective and without bias, 
does it contain new and useful information? We normally 
overcome these issues by using the law of large numbers: 
By collecting sufficiently large sample sizes, we hope to 
dilute the effects of outliers and biases.
Once interpretations are extrapolated, weighing the data 
in the context of all the other data surrounding a poten -
tial investment is paramount. In the absence of empirical 
evidence, investors may use heuristics; they may assign 
higher weights to more recent data or data that they 
believe are more reliable or predictive. Asset managers tend 
to emphasize data that have been predictive in the past 
or somehow correlated with historical outcomes. These 
heuristics can be extremely helpful, but investors may 
have behavioral biases that could lead them to suboptimal 
results. For example, they may be biased by their connec -
tion to the CEO of a company, or they may not remember 
the full earnings report from last year to adequately com -
pare the current results.
ML can overcome these issues by systematically learning 
from the data and monitoring the outcomes. It can be used 
to help weigh the data to ensure biases are mitigated and 
predictions are robust. Our use cases later in the article will 
explain these ideas in more detail.
Once the data are synthesized, investors can make 
their decisions using their decision-making framework. By monitoring the outcomes (i.e., the accuracy of 
predictions or the impact of recommended actions), 
investors can then feed these new data back into the 
decision-making framework to improve future decisions. 
This iterative feedback mechanism is critical for ongoing 
success. ML models are trained by data and humans, so by 
incorporating feedback on the success or failure of the pre -
dictions, these same models can be improved. We believe 
this is a significant benefit of ML models. They can be 
trained to learn from new data and past decisions, whereas 
humans may be slower (or unable) to adapt to new data or 
incorporate failures into the decision-making framework.
NLP has a natural place in this decision-making framework 
because it offers a systematic approach to scan a broad 
set of documents and leverages ML techniques to extract 
insights. Reading, understanding, and synthesizing multiple 
documents accurately and efficiently offer clear benefits for 
NLP approaches.
Common NLP Tasks
We now discuss some of the common tasks relating to NLP 
in finance. Many of these applications were discussed in 
the prior section, but we will include additional comments 
on their uses in our industry.
Summarization
News aggregators use this technique to summarize long 
articles to send digestible content to inboxes. We may 
also wish to summarize corporate filings or presentations 
for quick consumption. The key challenge with this task 
is understanding and capturing the key relevant points of 
the large document. This challenge is made more difficult 
because different investors may weigh the content of 
the text differently, and as a result, the optimal summary 
depends on the user or usage.
Topic extraction
The key themes and topics in an article can be extracted 
using supervised, semi-supervised, or unsupervised meth -
ods. In the supervised approach, the model is trained to 
look for specific keywords related to a predefined theme, 
whereas the unsupervised approach attempts to infer the 
themes being discussed. The semi-supervised approach Exhibit 4. Traditional Decision-Making Framework
Gather Data Extract Insights Take Actions Monitor Outcomes

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
38  CFA Institute Research Foundationis a hybrid approach in which seed words can be used 
as starting points to identify themes. One example is in 
the context of central bank statements. Common themes 
debated during central bank meetings in the United States 
include inflation and growth. We may seed the topic mod -
eling process with these words and then apply various 
language techniques to find new words and phrases 
resembling these themes to derive the final topics from 
the documents.
Search/information retrieval
We may be interested in looking for specific terms or refer -
ences from the text. Examples may include competitor or 
product references in a document. An analyst for Apple may 
be interested in finding all references to the iPhone in cor -
porate documents or news articles.
Question answering
Similar to the search task, we are interested in finding 
information in a document. However, the QA task is focused 
on answering specific questions rather than returning 
references to those questions. In the previous example 
regarding the Apple analyst, he may be interested in the 
actual iPhone units sold rather than simply references to 
the phone. Another example may be extracting the inter -
est rate or the covenants in a loan document. A specific 
application of this question answering task is the chat box, 
where specific and relevant responses are needed to reply 
to questions.
Sentiment analysis
Should the text be viewed positively or negatively? This 
will again depend on the user and application. For example, 
certain words, such as “debit,” “liability,” and “resolve,” may 
have different meanings depending on the context. The 
first two terms are normally viewed as negative words in 
common parlance but tend to be more neutral in a financial 
setting since they are common terms in financial state -
ments. “Resolve” may be viewed as positive in most set -
tings, but “did not resolve” should be viewed as negative.
Named entity recognition
Extracting entity names from text is a common but import -
ant task. Entities include countries, organizations, com -
panies, individuals, places, and products. By identifying 
the entities in a document, investors can link the article 
to other information on the entities and thereby create a 
comprehensive view before making decisions. Client inter -
actions are no different: Determining client-relevant text is 
critical to a complete understanding of a client. While this 
type of data is critical, the problem is difficult; for example, 
separating articles regarding the technology company 
Apple and the fruit apple is not trivial.Typical NLP Pipeline
With these applications in mind, we discuss the infrastruc -
ture required to incorporate NLP at scale. The NLP pipeline 
depicted in Exhibit 5  presents a high-level overview of the 
key components in NLP analysis that mainly handle text 
inputs. Note that the original data need to be converted 
to machine readable text. For example, speech to text is 
required for audio and video sources. The original data 
can come from a variety of external and internal sources, 
such as corporate statements, central bank statements, 
news, social media, web content, internal documents, and 
video/audio meeting transcriptions. A data lake is typically 
needed to handle large amounts of input data. Depending 
on the size, structure, and usage of the data, they can 
be stored in different types of databases. Data with clear 
structure or schema can typically be stored using SQL 
relational databases. Unstructured data can be stored 
in nonrelational databases, such as MongoDB. Today, 
graph databases are becoming more popular in handling 
exceptionally large sets of structured, semistructured, or 
unstructured data.
The NLP engine shown in Exhibit 5 depicts the tools for 
text processing and is composed of two components. 
The first part focuses on processing raw text. Different 
use cases require different preprocessing procedures. 
For example, “case handling” refers to the conversion of 
all characters to uppercase/lowercase. This process is 
nuanced because “us” can refer to the United States if 
written in uppercase or the pronoun “us” if lowercase is 
used. In addition, while the removal of irregular punctu -
ation and characters from formal documents, such as 
corporate filings, may be warranted, some characters 
may carry valuable information in other domains, such as 
emojis in social media data. Expansion/contraction refers 
to the process of expanding contractions into separate 
words, such as replacing “isn’t” with “is not.” This proce -
dure will affect the final list of tokenized words (the result 
of splitting text into smaller units). Stop words, such as 
“the,” “a,” and “is,” are not informative and are typically 
removed to reduce the size of the vocabulary. Depending 
on the application, stemming or lemmatization may be 
applied to reduce words to their root or stem forms. In the 
tokenization procedure, text in a document can be broken 
down into sentences, and these sentences can be further 
split into words or subwords. In some situations, subwords 
may be more robust when dealing with rare words.
The second part of the NLP engine contains tools to pro -
cess and transform the cleansed text into usable infor -
mation that can be consumed by the end applications or 
users. For example, we can analyze a sentence by splitting 
it into its parts and describing the syntactic roles of the 
various pieces. Named entity recognition is a commonly 
used parsing technique to identify persons, locations, 
and organizations from the text. Text vectorization—using 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  39vectors to represent text—is commonly used for feature 
engineering. Popular techniques for text vectorization 
include one-hot encoding, term frequency–inverse docu -
ment frequency (TF–IDF), word embeddings using word -
2vec (Mikolov, Chen, Corrado, and Dean 2013) and GloVe 
(Pennington, Socher, and Manning 2014), and word/sen -
tence embeddings with deep learning language models. 
As an example, representing documents through bag-of-
words approaches using one-hot encoding allows us to 
compute statistics describing the words in the document. 
These statistics can be enhanced to carry more informa -
tion by assigning weights to the various words using such 
methods as TF–IDF. Word embeddings using word2vec or 
GloVe allow us to represent individual words using numeri -
cal vectors. Deep learning language models, such as BERT 
and GPT-3, can represent words and sentences using 
numerical vectors containing rich contextual informa -
tion, such as positioning within sentences. These models 
are very efficient and powerful and have a wide range of 
applications.
Asset managers should modularize their tools to leverage 
these tools on diverse types of documents. For example, 
text summarization tools should be abstracted so they can be used for news articles, corporate filings, and internal 
emails. By modularizing the code, the various NLP tech -
niques can be applied broadly across different types of 
documents. Depending on the size of the data and the 
specific algorithms used, different infrastructure may be 
needed. For example, to create sentence embeddings from 
many documents, a single GPU (graphics processing unit) 
processor can be substantially faster than parallelizing 
multiple CPUs (central processing units). For even larger 
corpora, such as global news articles, large clusters of 
machines may be needed to create deep learning models.
The output from the NLP engine can be consumed in differ -
ent ways. For example, the NLP signals can be used directly 
to prompt an investment action or as part of a broader 
strategy. There may also be value in showing the results 
in a dashboard where users can interact with the original 
documents and the output. This transparency gives the 
users confidence in the signals because they can easily 
review the results on their own. In addition, asset managers 
may leverage these dashboards to solicit feedback from 
their users to improve their algorithms. One idea may be to 
give users the ability to highlight certain text and annotate 
the sentiment of the text to further fine-tune their models.Exhibit 5. NLP Pipeline
stop wo rdscase handling
text classificationtext vect orization topic modeling
question ans weringtext similarity
text generation information extraction
investment signals actionable insight s dashboar dsparsingpunctuation special charact ers expansion/ contraction
lemmatiz ation stemmingRaw Te xt/String Prepr ocessing
Toolkit/A pplicationtokenizationsubwo rd
word
sent ence
constituency  parsingpart of speech tagging
dependenc y par sing
named entity  recognitionsocial medianews web con tent
internal documents video transcript saudio transcript s
central bank stat ementscorporat e stat ements
ApplicationNLP EngineText Data

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
40  CFA Institute Research FoundationNLP Applications in Asset 
Management
In this section, we examine several applications of NLP in 
the asset management industry. 
Deciphering Sentiment in Social 
Media Posts
Let us start with a simple example of applying NLP to social 
media posts to track sentiment. When the iPhone X was 
launched in late 2017, there were questions about its 
adoption and success. Investors and analysts turned to 
social media posts and reviews to gauge the sentiment of 
the iPhone X, as well as its competitors, during the rollout.
Investors were interested in understanding the features 
consumers valued in smartphones and whether the iPhone 
X’s new features (Face ID, lack of a home button, etc.) were 
resonating with consumers.
One common approach to this question was to scrape 
smartphone reviews among various websites to assess 
consumer feedback. A simple word cloud, such as the one 
shown in Exhibit 6 , is a quick way to uncover the key topics 
and themes.
The larger words represent the most frequently used 
words in the reviews. While some words are meaningless 
(“much” and “use”) or expected (“Apple”), it may have been 
reassuring to see that “Face ID” was being highlighted and such words as “amazing” and “love” were being used to 
describe the new phone.
Investors can also analyze the sentiment across the 
reviews to gauge consumer feedback on the various 
smartphone models. VADER (Valence Aware Dictionary and 
sEntiment Reasoner) is well suited for this purpose given 
its ability to measure polarity and intensity of social media 
posts (Hutto and Gilbert 2014). Exhibit 7  shows a snapshot 
of the reviews soon after the iPhone X was introduced. 
While most of the consumers were “neutral” on the new 
phone, it seemed that the iPhone X was lagging its prede -
cessors in terms of positive reviews.
Investors may have also wanted to determine the features 
that were most prevalent in reviews to assess the appeal 
of the iPhone X’s new features since those enhancements 
were likely going to drive adoption. This analysis typically 
requires the determination of the key features differenti -
ating the phones (system, screen, battery, price, etc.) and 
the creation of a list of keywords used to describe those 
features. For example, such terms as “iOS” and “Android” are 
associated with the “system” feature. Exhibit 8  suggests 
that the new features in the iPhone X were leading to many 
positive reviews.
This simple example illustrates the basics of NLP 
analysis. Once the raw data from social media posts and 
customer reviews are ingested, simple tools can be used 
to analyze the data to provide insights into investment 
controversies. In late 2017, investors were assess -
ing the launch of the iPhone X, and by monitoring and 
Exhibit 6. Word Cloud for iPhone X Reviews
Source:  AllianceBernstein.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  41aggregating the social media posts, they were likely able 
to discern the positive adoption of the new features and 
thus conclude that the new phone was likely to achieve 
the success of the prior models.
Extracting Themes to Highlight 
Important Topics and Trends
Our industry deals with vast amounts of documents. Often, 
analysts are tasked with synthesizing and summarizing 
enormous documents or extracting important sections or figures from these documents. Exhibit 9  highlights some of 
the key tasks when dealing with large documents.
Topic modeling can streamline the analysis of large doc -
uments by identifying and extracting the key topics or 
themes in the data. The evolution of these topics from the 
corpora may also provide insight into the importance of the 
themes over time.
In the following example, the BERTopic package 
(Grootendorst 2022) is used to generate topic represen -
tations by converting each document to its embedded Exhibit 7. Consumer Sentiment by Phone 
PixelMotoiPhone XiPhone 8iPhone 7iPhone 6SGalaxy
0% 50% 100%
Positive Neutral Negative
Source:  AllianceBernstein.
Exhibit 8. Percentage of Feature Mentions in Positive Reviews
0% 50% 100%PixelMotoiPhone XiPhone 8iPhone 7iPhone 6SGalaxy
Screen Hardware Camera Sound Price New Features System Design Battery
Source:  AllianceBernstein.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
42  CFA Institute Research Foundationrepresentation, clustering the documents, and then 
extracting keywords to represent the derived themes.
We applied BERTopic to about 260,000 Apple headlines 
from October 2019 to September 2022 to extract the top 
topics from the text. Since the topics were generated 
programmatically, we inferred the true themes for each of 
the topics from the generated keywords and used them 
as labels in Exhibit 10 . For example, we created a theme called “Stock Market” because the important keywords for 
the topic are “sp,” “500,” “nasdaq,” and “dow.” Similarly, the 
“Covid” theme has references to “infection,” “contact,” and 
“tracing.” Deciphering intuitive and interpretable themes 
from the BERTopic output is a crucial step when using topic 
modeling tools.
The topics we inferred from the Apple news articles 
(“Apps,” “Covid,” “Inflation Concerns,” “Stock Market,” and Exhibit 9. Synthesizing Large Documents
Topic Modeling
Search/Question Answering
Summary
Exhibit 10. Top Five Topics from Apple News Articles,  
October 2019–September 2022
08-19
09-19
10-19
11-19
12-19
11-20
12-2001-20
02-20
03-20
04-20
05-20
06-20
07-20
08-20
09-20
10-20
11-21
12-2101-21
02-21
03-21
04-21
05-21
06-21
07-21
08-21
09-21
10-21
01-22
02-22
03-22
04-22
05-22
06-22
07-22
08-22
09-22
10-22300
250
200
150
50
0100
DateFrequency
Apps Covid Inflationary Concerns Stock Market Competitors
Source:  AllianceBernstein.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  43“Competitors”) are intuitive and distinct. Note that “Covid” 
was unsurprisingly the key topic in the first half of 2020, 
but its importance has waned since then. Instead, infla -
tionary concerns are dominating more recent Apple news 
headlines. Exhibit 11  provides the sample code to extract 
key themes from text.
Topic modeling is particularly powerful in uncovering the 
key themes or ideas across a set of documents. It can 
also be used to explain the evolution of topics over time 
to understand their importance in a specific area. In the Apple example, investors can extract the key themes and 
the associated keywords from market news to drive their 
research and perspective on the company. In another 
example, we applied topic modeling on central bank 
statements to uncover the emphasis of the Federal Open 
Market Committee (FOMC) on its two goals—price stability 
and sustained economic growth. By parsing central bank 
statements, we could assess the FOMC’s trade-off between 
these two goals to gain insights into their policies at 
upcoming meetings.
Exhibit 11. Sample Code: Extracting Key Themes


Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
44  CFA Institute Research FoundationSearching for Key Themes and 
Question Answering
While topic modeling can provide a good overview of a set 
of documents, investors may be interested in extracting 
relevant sections or targeted data points from specific 
documents. We provide an example of these tasks using 
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) documents. 
Because ESG-oriented strategies have become more 
mainstream, asset managers are looking for ways to 
assess ESG-related activities in their investment com -
panies and to monitor their progress toward their goals. 
Corporate and social responsibility (CSR) reports are used 
by companies to communicate their ESG efforts and their 
impact on the environment and community. These reports 
describe the company’s relations with its full range of 
stakeholders: employees, customers, communities, suppliers, governments, and shareholders. Though corpo -
rations are currently not mandated to publish CSR reports 
annually, more than 90% of the companies in the S&P 500 
Index did so for 2019.
In the following example shown in Exhibit 12 , we parse 
sentences from a CSR report in the automotive industry 
and leverage a semantic search model that uses pre -
defined keywords to rank and select parsed sentences. 
This example searches for sentences related to “GHG 
[greenhouse gas] Emissions.” We embed this phrase into a 
vector and use it to compare against the embedded repre -
sentation of the document text. Our example uses only one 
comparison sentence (“text” variable in the sample code 
below) for simplicity, but we can apply the same process 
for multiple candidate sentences, sort similarity scores 
across all of them, and then select the most similar ones 
from the process.
Exhibit 12. Sample Code: Searching for ESG Themes in a CSR Report


Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  45Theme searches can direct researchers to relevant 
sections of the text quickly, thus simplifying the process 
to extract insights from documents. One caveat is that 
semantic searches initially start as unsupervised learn -
ing processes and may need to be enhanced by creating 
classification models based on labeled feedback. These 
resulting supervised learning models ensure important 
sections are not missed during the search process. Indeed, 
creating a comprehensive list of keywords and fine-tuning 
the model on annotated search results are common meth -
ods to minimize false negatives (incorrectly labeling a 
section as not important).
While finding relevant and related text improves both the 
efficiency and effectiveness of researchers, more direct 
approaches to narrow down the answers to queries may be even more impactful. Question answering is designed 
for exactly this purpose. The goal of QA is to build systems 
that automatically extract answers from a given corpus 
for questions posed by humans in a natural language. In 
the following example in Exhibit 13 , we feed the question 
“What is the goal by 2035?” and a representative passage 
from a CSR report into the RoBERTa model (Liu et al. 2019), 
an optimized model leveraging BERT. The model can extract 
the exact answer from the passage—“source 100% renew -
able energy globally”—thus directly answering the original 
question. In real-life examples, passages and documents 
are much longer but the same approach can be used to 
find the best answer to the question.
These techniques have broad applications across the asset 
management industry; research analysts, risk managers, 
Exhibit 13. Sample Code: Question Answering for ESG Metrics


Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
46  CFA Institute Research Foundationcompliance officers, and operations staff are constantly 
scouring documents for key figures and specific items 
within documents. Examples include financial statement 
analysis, ESG monitoring, regulatory reporting, and fund 
prospectus reviews. While these tools can be extremely 
powerful, they need careful calibration and fine-tuning 
before they can be used widely across the financial ser -
vices industry. In our experience, creating a step to extract 
relevant sections before  the QA process, as in the prior use 
case, is essential to success. This step ensures that the 
appropriate sections of the document are being searched 
for the answers.
Uncovering Risks in Corporate 
Filings
We now delve further into the actual text and language 
used in documents to uncover insights for investment 
research. We scan corporate filings for potential risks using 
text mining techniques. Since the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) requires publicly traded companies 
to file reports disclosing their financial condition, inves -
tors can parse these reports for significant disclosures, 
changes, and trends.
In an influential paper, Cohen, Malloy, and Nguyen (2019) 
found that significant changes in sequential 10-Ks convey 
negative information on future firm performance. Since 
10-K filings are typically long and complicated, leverag -
ing NLP techniques to extract information systematically 
can greatly improve the comparison of year-over-year 
(YOY) changes. Cohen et al. used several bag-of-words 
approaches to measure document changes, including 
the cosine similarity between vectors representing the 
documents. The following example in Exhibit 14  lever -
ages doc2vec (a generalized version of word2vec that 
represents whole documents as vectors) to model the 
changes of the management discussion and analysis 
(MD&A) section in 10-K forms.
Corporate filings, including 10-Ks, can be scraped from the 
SEC’s websites. Text from the MD&A section is extracted 
and doc2vec is used to represent the text in each of the 
filings. Specifically, the words in the MD&A sections are 
represented by numerical vectors using the doc2vec algo -
rithm. To gauge YOY changes, we compute the cosine simi -
larity of the two vectors representing the sequential filings. 
High cosine similarity suggests the text from the two filings 
is largely the same, whereas low cosine similarity suggests 
substantial differences in the underlying reports.
A typical long–short backtest can be used to determine the 
predictive efficacy of this NLP feature. Exhibit 15  shows the 
performance of a monthly-rebalanced long–short strategy, 
with the long side representing the companies with the 
most similar YOY filings and the short side containing the 
companies with the most dissimilar filings. The backtest shows compelling results throughout the study period, with 
the strongest results in more recent years. Our results sug -
gest that simple calculations using vectorized representa -
tions of documents can uncover risks and opportunities from 
corporate filings. The NLP process in this example “reads” the 
documents and looks for differences in the text, emulating 
the tasks commonly performed by research analysts.
Broadening Insights on Earnings 
Call Transcripts
Earnings calls provide forums for companies to convey 
important financial and business information to the invest -
ment community and the public. Human analysts scour indi -
vidual calls for insights into company operations, but doing 
so systematically across a wide swath of companies can be 
time consuming and error prone. NLP tools can be leveraged 
efficiently and effectively to address these issues.
Earnings calls typically consist of a presentation section and 
a question-and-answer (Q&A) section. Company executives 
are the sole participants in the first section, whereas both 
corporate executives and analysts from the investment 
community interact during the Q&A section. Investment sig -
nals can be mined on the different sections and the different 
types of speakers—namely, CEOs, other executives, and ana -
lysts—to study potential differences among them.
A variety of NLP approaches can be used to gener -
ate investment signals from earnings call transcripts. 
Bag-of-words approaches using predefined dictionar -
ies and context-driven language models are common 
techniques. We describe three categories of features 
in our analysis of the transcripts—document attributes, 
readability scores, and sentiment scores.
Document attributes refer to features derived from the char -
acteristics of the call. Examples include the number of words, 
sentences, questions, and analyst participants in a call.
Readability scores use a variety of methods to assess the 
difficulty of the text and document. These metrics tend to 
focus on two areas: the use of difficult-to-understand words 
and the length of sentences. Easily understood messages 
(texts with low readability scores) may be quickly incorpo -
rated into market prices and will therefore have a negligible 
impact on potential mispricing. Complex messages (texts 
with high readability scores) may be used by company exec -
utives to obfuscate bad news or less-than-stellar results.
Sentiment scores can be derived from the underlying 
text using different formulations. The most basic method 
to assess sentiment is to count the number of positive 
and negative words based on a specific dictionary, such 
as Harvard IV-4, VADER (Hutto and Gilbert 2014), and 
Loughran–McDonald (Loughran and McDonald 2011). This 
approach, commonly called bag of words or dictionary 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  47based, is intuitive and interpretable, but it has limitations. 
For example, it cannot handle negation or words that may 
have different meanings in different settings. Context-
driven language models can overcome the issues of dictio -
nary-based approaches. With the development of advanced 
algorithms and improvements in computational power, transformer-based models, such as BERT, have proven to be 
effective in encoding and decoding the semantic and syn -
tactic information of natural languages. The sample code 
in Exhibit 16  uses FinBERT (Huang, Wang, and Yang, forth -
coming), a BERT-based model pretrained on financial text, to 
score sentiment on a series of input sentences.Exhibit 14. Sample Code: Determining Changes in Corporate Filings


Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
48  CFA Institute Research FoundationWe assess the ability of our features to differentiate 
between outperforming and underperforming stocks using 
a monthly rebalanced strategy. At the beginning of each 
month, we form portfolios based on the available features 
as of that date and track the difference in subsequent 
returns between the top and bottom quintiles over the fol -
lowing month. Exhibit 17  shows a histogram of information 
ratios (IRs) for various features on US large-cap companies 
over the period 2010–2021. Approximately 20% of the IRs 
in our research are greater than 0.5 for the US companies, 
suggesting there is promise in the features. We found simi -
larly encouraging results for features created in other stock 
and bond universes.
We now analyze the differences between dictionary-based 
and context-driven approaches to derive sentiment. 
Conceptually, the context around words should be an 
important driver when assessing sentiment. While “grow” 
may typically be viewed as positive, “competitors growing” or 
“economic headwinds growing” should be scored negatively. 
Exhibit 18  shows the dollar growth of the strategies based 
on representative sentiment scores generated through 
these two approaches. The context-driven approach based 
on BERT has performed better recently, suggesting that it 
has been able to better discern sentiment in financial text. 
Additionally, there has been evidence suggesting company 
executives are adapting to the rise of machines listening 
to their comments by changing the words they use in their 
communications. In other words, company executives may 
be choosing their words carefully since they know NLP 
techniques are being used to analyze their comments. Thus, 
dictionary-based approaches may not be as useful going forward, and context-driven approaches may be more robust 
in overcoming these behavioral changes.
These high-level results suggest that the generated NLP 
signals from earnings call transcripts may be useful for 
portfolio managers. Applications include the usage of these 
signals in systematic strategies or to complement funda -
mental processes. Additionally, similar techniques can be 
applied to other types of corporate filings and statements 
to extract insights from those documents. These tools give 
investors the ability to analyze large amounts of docu -
ments methodically and potentially save them from doing 
the work manually.
Deepening Client Insights  
to Prioritize Sales Efforts
With continued economic and market uncertainty, sales 
teams need to quickly digest and synthesize client infor -
mation and updates to assess their needs. We can leverage 
NLP to help these sales teams deepen client insights and 
prioritize sales efforts using publicly available data.
The data sources include client presentations, quarterly/
annual reports, meeting minutes, announcements, and 
news. It is time consuming for any sales team to monitor 
all the media outlets for information across a broad set of 
prospects and clients. NLP techniques can be leveraged 
to collect, process, and synthesize the data and alert the 
sales team with timely and actionable prompts.
Exhibit 19  illustrates this process. First, public data can 
be obtained through web scraping. For example, data 
scraping pipelines can be built to detect document 
changes on various websites. We can also monitor major 
news outlets to track mentions of specific keywords, 
such as names of organizations, themes, and topics. The 
scraped data are populated into a database before being 
fed into the NLP engine. Based on the specific use case, 
the NLP engine (more details are shown in Exhibit 5) aims 
to further prepare the data and applies the applicable 
algorithms to extract the relevant information. As a final 
step, notifications and prompts are sent to the sales team 
for further action.
In summary, using NLP to effectively process and synthe -
size information can inform and improve sales outreach by 
surfacing timely alerts and relevant intelligence from pub -
licly available data sources.
Identifying Entities within 
Documents
Across many of the use cases discussed above, entity 
names and identifiers need to be extracted from the text to 
tie the documents back to specific people or organizations. Exhibit 15. Performance of 
Similarity Score on US Large-Cap 
Companies, 2004–2019
1.7
1.6
1.5
1.4
1.3
1.1
1.0
0.9
2004 2006 2008 2010 2012 2014 2016 20181.2Growth of a Dollar
Year
Source:  AllianceBernstein.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  49Named entity recognition refers to the task of identifying 
the entities (person, place, country, company, financial 
instrument, etc.) within documents. Exhibit 20  provides a 
simple example using spaCy to identify the various entities 
in a news title.
Successfully Leveraging NLP
While our use cases demonstrate that significant advances 
have been made, NLP is still relatively new in finance. We 
discuss the key technical and business challenges next.
Overcoming Technical Challenges
Broadly, technical challenges, such as breaking down 
sentences and tagging the parts of speech within sen -
tences, are common across all NLP applications. Linguists and computer scientists are researching and creating new 
insights to improve on these capabilities, especially across 
different languages.
Context-specific tools for the financial services industry 
are being developed. Dictionaries are extremely useful and 
improve language understanding, especially for specialized 
domains. One complexity lies in robust dictionaries across 
different languages. We found that a simple translation of 
the Loughran–McDonald dictionary to Chinese is not robust 
because some words do not carry the same meanings in 
Chinese and there are additional Chinese words that are 
more meaningful for Chinese investors.
Even context-specific language models, such as BERT, 
will need to learn from new financial domains. While 
FinBERT-type models have been trained on financial text, 
further training and fine-tuning is likely required to improve Exhibit 16. Sample Code: Extracting Sentiment from Text


Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
50  CFA Institute Research Foundationperformance in specialized areas, such as securitized 
assets, regulatory filings, fund disclosures, and economic 
forecasts. In securitized assets, for example, such common 
English words as “pool” and “tranche” have vastly different 
meanings, and language models will need to be trained 
with these new words before machines can systematically 
understand and synthesize text as humans do.Named entity recognition (NER) is an important task in 
finance. Even though we provided a simple example among 
our use cases to apply spaCy’s NER model on written text, 
the model is not perfect. For example, spaCy’s model incor -
rectly tags companies with names containing common 
English words. For example, numerous articles contain -
ing the words “state” or “street” may be classified under Exhibit 17. Number of NLP Features across Different Information Ratio Levels
70
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
0.0 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.8Very Strong
1.0 1.2 1.4StrongNumber of
Features
Information Ratio
Source:  AllianceBernstein.
Exhibit 18. Performance of Context-Driven vs. Dictionary-Based Approaches, 
2010–2021
160
140
120
100
80
60
40
20
2010-01 2011-01 2012-01 2013-01 2014-01 2015-01 2016-01 2017-01
2018-01 2019-01 2020–01 2021-01–
Dictionary Appr oach Context-Driven Appr oachGrowth of $1
Source:  AllianceBernstein.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  51the company “State Street.” These limitations encourage 
researchers to further fine-tune and improve their NER 
models. One approach is to leverage threshold-based 
matching techniques to achieve the desired accuracy. 
By increasing the threshold to accept matches using NLP-
based similarity metrics, we can improve the accuracy of 
the models. However, this increased accuracy comes at a 
cost: We may have more false negatives because our model 
may be less forgiving of misspellings and short names. As a 
result, researchers should assess the trade-offs between 
false positives and false negatives in their applications.
Another approach to improve NER involves applying addi -
tional code to the results from the spaCy model. This 
allows more flexibility for researchers to customize their 
requirements and insights for identifying entities. This 
approach may be helpful to deal with the difficulties in identifying such companies as AT&T, where its ticker (T) 
and acronyms are quite common in normal language usage.
Overcoming Business Challenges
On top of these technical challenges, various business 
issues slow or hinder the adoption of NLP across asset 
managers. In our view, the biggest hurdle is data—data 
quality and accessibility. Until recently, data had not been 
viewed as an asset, and as a result, the quality of data is 
varied and in many cases, unknown. We see many com -
panies creating data organizations to tackle these issues, 
with the emergence of the chief data officer as an import -
ant executive and driver of business prioritization.
With the appropriate focus and resourcing, firms can 
leverage data as an asset, feeding data into dashboards Exhibit 19. Overview of Process to Deepen Client Insights
FeedbackParsing
DatabaseWeb scraping
Websites
News sourcesData preprocessing
Information extractionNLP engine Output
Notifications
DashboardNLP processing
Store extracted
information
Exhibit 20. Sample Code: Identifying Entities within Documents


Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
52  CFA Institute Research Foundationand models that ultimately help with faster and better 
decision making. This is particularly true for NLP pipelines 
and tools because the existing policies around these data 
are likely nonexistent, which presents an opportunity 
for organizations to design governance processes from 
scratch. In addition, firms will need to be nimble in their 
governance and policies because of the nascent and 
evolving regulatory frameworks; regulators are struggling 
to keep up with the breadth and complexity of data and the 
uses of data across commercial platforms, but we expect 
improved guidance in the future.
Data accessibility is also a big hurdle: Data scientists face 
challenges in finding and ingesting the required data for 
analysis and modeling. With regard to external data, asset 
managers can choose to create their own datasets or part -
ner with vendors. Our view is that the most innovative and 
impactful data sources will be harder to obtain, and as a 
result, asset managers will need to develop their own pipe -
lines to ingest these data. This may involve web scraping 
and capturing various forms of communication (html, dif -
ferent text file formats, audio, and video). Fortunately, many 
open-source tools exist to handle these situations.
As datasets become widely used and commoditized, 
vendor solutions are likely feasible and cost effective. 
For example, about 10 years ago, asset owners creating 
NLP signals from corporate filings, such as 10Ks and 10Qs, 
and earnings call transcripts developed pipelines to scrape, 
clean, and ingest the documents directly from the SEC’s 
EDGAR website. Today, various vendors offer data solutions 
that significantly simplify the pipelines to leverage corpo -
rate filings. Another example is ESG data: Currently, there 
is little consistency in ESG metrics, standards, reporting 
formats, and disclosure frequencies. This means that asset 
managers are developing bespoke NLP pipelines to process 
the various documents and metrics on company websites, 
disclosures, and presentations. Over time, requirements will 
evolve because we expect this space to consolidate con -
siderably over the next few years and vendors will emerge 
to develop solutions around ESG data collection, analysis, 
and reporting.
Transforming Culture
An organization’s culture may be another important hurdle 
in its transformation. Organizations aspire to learn, inno -
vate, and adapt, but cultural norms and human behavior 
can sometimes impede progress. We see this repeatedly 
across the industry.
Successful portfolio managers at all organizations typi -
cally have successful track records and significant assets 
under management from clients who have bought into their 
capabilities. Although these portfolio managers strive to 
outperform and deliver for their clients, one clear tendency 
is for teams to continue doing what has been successful. Investment teams operate on clearly articulated invest -
ment philosophies that have been honed over many 
years. They apply these philosophies using disciplined 
investment processes to uncover insights and opportu -
nities. These structures have brought the team historical 
success, so changing or overriding these processes 
will be extremely difficult. This is the challenge that new 
data sources and more advanced techniques, such as 
NLP, face—overcoming the entrenched mindset that may 
come with historical success. This issue is compounded 
because clients expect investment teams to continue with 
processes that have worked and brought them success. 
However, with the financial markets, competitors, data 
sources, and investment tools changing rapidly, successful 
teams will need to evolve to survive.
To help organizations in their transformation, data scien -
tists should leverage techniques to augment rather than 
replace existing processes, which is best achieved through 
pilot projects focused on real problems. Projects should be 
driven by investment controversies, sales opportunities, or 
operational gaps. By partnering with the decision makers, 
data scientists can achieve shared outcomes that are 
valued by all parties, thus ensuring adoption and success. 
NLP projects focused on addressing inefficiencies, such as 
gathering data, updating tables, and systematically making 
data more accessible, can deliver value and encourage 
adoption. Our use cases discussed in the earlier sections 
are examples where we have seen success because they 
address existing gaps that can be addressed through data 
science techniques.
Once investors, sales teams, and operations functions 
understand the value and capabilities of data science, they 
will be more open to further exploration. For example, once 
the investment teams have access to the corporate filings 
on a common platform (such as a dashboard), it is natural 
to extend the capabilities to synthesize the documents. 
Sentiment analysis and topic extraction are examples of 
common extensions once the data are in place. Indeed, 
to ensure adoption and success, asset managers should 
engage with end users to implement these ideas. We 
find that summarization, topic modeling, and question 
answering projects have the highest probability of success 
because they address common inefficiencies or manual 
processes.
Asset managers may see opportunities to leverage NLP 
to achieve efficiencies in operational processes. Indeed, 
as we discussed in our use cases, our techniques can be 
applied across various parts of the organization. While this 
may be low-hanging fruit, cultural norms and mindsets may 
make it difficult for innovative ideas to be adopted quickly. 
Employees may be concerned about their roles and liveli -
hood when new technology is introduced: What is their place 
once the new techniques are incorporated? What incentive 
do they have to adopt the new technologies and potentially 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  53eliminate the need for their roles? As a result, asset man -
agers need to assess cultural barriers when trading off the 
operational savings versus the likelihood of success.
Developing Clear Success Metrics
Companies of all stripes are intrigued by the potential of 
new data, new techniques, and new technologies in their 
organizations. However, it is important to define clear suc -
cess metrics on these new initiatives. For organizations 
starting their exploration, modest goals are likely appro -
priate. For example, getting one investment team to adopt 
and thus champion the successes may be a realistic and 
achievable goal. For more advanced organizations, devel -
oping common infrastructure and tools while nurturing 
talent may be the appropriate goals. In all cases, however, 
we suggest organizations take long-term views on their 
projects and articulate short-term milestones that create 
awareness, maximize adoption, and develop competencies.
Attracting and Developing Talent
There will be a talent gap. Existing employees may not 
possess the required data science or NLP skills, so com -
panies will need to hire external talent. Creating a “Center 
of Excellence” that aims to raise the capabilities across 
the organization is one way to bridge the talent gap. While 
exact structures may differ from firm to firm, we believe it is 
important to have a dedicated centralized team that keeps 
abreast of industry developments, creates new capabili -
ties, shares best practices, builds common infrastructure, 
and develops talent. Achieving these outcomes will be 
maximized with a centralized team with the mandate to 
raise the competencies of the entire organization.
This central hub acts as a critical link among all the teams 
in the organization, ensuring that the latest insights and 
capabilities are shared broadly. With this core team in place, 
organizations now have different approaches to build out 
their data science capabilities. On the one hand, augmenting 
the centralized team with embedded data scientists within 
business functions ensures that there is domain expertise 
and the business units are accountable for the success 
of the teams. On the other hand, consolidating all the data 
scientists in one centralized team ensures there are effi -
ciencies and few overlaps on projects, but the researchers 
may be more removed from the end users. Ultimately, the 
optimal structure will depend on the organization’s existing 
norms, culture, and goals, but having a Center of Excellence 
is essential to long-term success.
The Road Ahead
NLP has tremendous potential in asset management. Our 
use cases highlight existing areas where NLP is already 
having an impact. We expect growing adoption across more functions in asset management organizations as 
three trends take hold: (1) availability of and improvements 
in open-source models, training data, tools, and vendor 
options, (2) fine-tuned models with proprietary insights, 
and (3) development of non-English capabilities.
Improved Tools
Even though there were over 70,000 models and counting 
as of late 2022 on Hugging Face (a popular NLP platform), 
we expect to see continuous innovation in training and 
fine-tuning techniques. Models will be trained for specific 
tasks, thus improving their performance across various 
activities. For example, customized BERT models may be 
developed for different fixed-income sectors, such as col -
lateralized loan obligations, mortgages, private credit, and 
municipal bonds, among others. Semantic improvements 
will also be made, as machines are taught to further under -
stand the nuances of language.
Asset managers are also exploring the use of audio and 
visual cues to augment the text-driven features we have 
discussed. By combining the tonal variations of spoken 
text, the facial and bodily expressions of the speakers, 
and the actual text used, researchers hope to have a more 
comprehensive understanding of the intended communica -
tion. Indeed, in our day-to-day interactions, we incorporate 
all these elements (tone, delivery, body language, and con -
tent) to discern the message and its nuances. Interestingly, 
techniques such as the ones discussed in this chapter 
can be extended to capture audio and visual features. For 
example, different aspects of the audio message can be 
embedded using BERT-type models, and these embeddings 
can be compared and manipulated to tease out changes in 
emotions and reactions.
We have seen an explosion in the breadth of vendor offer -
ings to solve specific NLP tasks in investment, compliance, 
and operational activities. Specifically, document pro -
cessing such as that in our use cases on theme searches 
and question answering is becoming more mainstream. 
Vendors have developed customized solutions for specific 
applications across the industry (ESG documents, regula -
tory filings, shareholder documents, etc.). While customized 
solutions are the natural starting points, we expect more 
consolidation to occur and more generalized and robust 
solutions in the future. For example, QA techniques will be 
more powerful and able to handle diverse types of ques -
tions across different documents. To draw an analogy from 
another domain, the Google search engine has evolved over 
time and is now able to handle specific queries rather than 
simply return generalized results. Searching for the “score 
from yesterday’s Yankees game” returns the actual score 
rather than links to the team website or a list of baseball 
scores. We expect these capabilities to materialize for the 
asset management industry, giving researchers the ability 
to answer specific questions and synthesize ideas quickly.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
54  CFA Institute Research FoundationProprietary Models
We have seen various instances of asset owners injecting 
their own insights into language models to improve the 
base models. There are two common approaches—propri -
etary dictionaries and proprietary phrase annotations. As 
discussed earlier, various public dictionaries exist to score 
sentiment on sentences and documents. Having said that, 
investment teams can create custom dictionaries to score 
documents based on their own preferences, thereby tai -
loring the NLP algorithms for their specific use cases. This 
customization enables asset managers to synthesize doc -
uments using their own views and insights and build trust 
in the underlying algorithms.
Beyond customized dictionaries, investment teams can 
also label or annotate words, phrases, and sentences 
to improve language models, such as BERT. Our own 
research suggests language models can be more accu -
rate on sentiment classification and other NLP tasks with 
feedback from human annotators. The following two sen -
tences are from a telecom company that FinBERT scores 
as positive.
Sentence 1: “It does seem as though your competitors 
are healthfully ramping up their efforts to try and improve 
service quality.”
Sentence 2: “Churn in handsets remains below 0.9%, but it 
sure looks like it was up a lot year over year.”
From a sentiment perspective, we view these sentences 
as negative when the broader context is considered. In the 
first sentence, a company’s competitors performing better 
is typically negative for the company, but FinBERT focuses 
on the “ramping up” and “improve service quality” to deter -
mine its positive sentiment.
As for the second sentence, higher “churn” for a telecom 
company should be viewed as a negative even though 
such models as FinBERT normally view “up a lot year over 
year” as positive. These examples illustrate the need for 
language models to be further trained on specific domains 
for them to be effective.
By manually labeling these sentences and using them to 
fine-tune FinBERT, we found marked improvement in the 
model’s performance. We expect more firms to use manual 
annotations to improve the base models and to engender 
more trust in the models.
While we largely used the investment arena for our dis -
cussion on proprietary dictionaries and phrases, the same 
concepts can be leveraged in other parts of the organiza -
tion. Sales teams can customize NLP tools for their client 
outreach using the same methods to optimize client inter -
actions and sales effectiveness.Language Expansion
Finally, we expect to see substantial progress in the devel -
opment and advancement of non-English language models. 
While many of the NLP developments started with English 
documents, there has been both academic and practitioner 
interest in other languages. Specifically, as firms look for an 
edge in NLP, one fruitful path may be using documents in 
local languages rather than using the translated English ver -
sions. Local documents may reveal tone and semantic refer -
ences that are discernible only in the original language.
Conclusion
As NLP tools mature in the asset management industry, 
organizations will be able to apply these tools to a wide 
range of problems. We are already seeing early successes 
in investments, distribution, and operations, and we expect 
this momentum to continue. As decision makers become 
more comfortable with the new tools and models, adoption 
will accelerate and efficiency gains will accrue quickly. 
Over time, with appropriate engagement and training by 
humans, the NLP tools will become more transparent and 
effective and users will readily incorporate these tools into 
their arsenal.
Ultimately, these NLP tools improve our decision making, 
and that alone should ensure their adoption and success.
References
Blei, David M., Andrew Y. Ng, and Michael I. Jordan. 2003. 
“Latent Dirichlet Allocation.” Journal of Machine Learning 
Research  3: 993–1022.
Brown, Tom B., Benjamin Mann, Nick Ryder, Melanie Subbiah, 
Jared Kaplan, Prafulla Dhariwal, Arvind Neelakantan, Pranav 
Shyam, Girish Sastry, Amanda Askell, et al. 2020. “Language 
Models Are Few-Shot Learners.” Cornell University, 
arXiv:2005.14165 (22 July) .
Cohen, Lauren, Christopher J. Malloy, and Quoc Nguyen. 
2019. “Lazy Prices.” Academic Research Colloquium for 
Financial Planning and Related Disciplines (7 March).
Devlin, Jacob, Ming-Wei Chang, Kenton Lee, and Kristina 
Toutanova. 2018. “BERT: Pre-Training of Deep Bidirectional 
Transformers for Language Understanding.” Cornell 
University, arXiv:1810.04805 (11 October).
Grootendorst, M. 2022. “BERTopic: Neural Topic Modeling 
with a Class-Based TF-IDF Procedure.” Cornell University, 
arXiv:2203.05794 (11 March).
Hochreiter, Sepp, and Jürgen Schmidhuber. 1997. “Long 
Short-Term Memory.” Neural Computation  9 (8): 1735–80.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  55Huang, Allen, Hui Wang, and Yi Yang. Forthcoming. “FinBERT: 
A Large Language Model for Extracting Information from 
Financial Text.” Contemporary Accounting Research .
Hutto, Clayton J., and Eric Gilbert. 2014. “VADER: A 
Parsimonious Rule-Based Model for Sentiment Analysis of 
Social Media Text.” Proceedings of the Eighth International 
AAAI Conference on Weblogs and Social Media  8 (1): 
216–25.  https://ojs.aaai.org/index.php/ICWSM/article/
view/14550/14399 .
Joshi, Mandar, Danqi Chen, Yinhan Liu, Daniel S. Weld, 
Luke Zettlemoyer, and Omer Levy. 2020. “SpanBERT: 
Improving Pre-Training by Representing and Predicting 
Spans.” Transactions of the Association for Computational 
Linguistics  8: 64–77.
Liu, Yinhan, Myle Ott, Naman Goyal, Jingfei Du, Mandar 
Joshi, Danqi Chen, Omer Levy, Mike Lewis, Luke Zettlemoyer, 
and Veselin Stoyanov. 2019. “RoBERTa: A Robustly 
Optimized BERT Pretraining Approach.” Cornell University, 
arXiv:1907.11692 (26 July).
Loughran, Tim, and Bill McDonald. 2011. “When Is a Liability 
Not a Liability? Textual Analysis, Dictionaries, and 10-Ks.” 
Journal of Finance  66 (1): 35–65.
Mikolov, Tomas, Kai Chen, Greg Corrado, and Jeffrey Dean. 
2013. “Efficient Estimation of Word Representations 
in Vector Space.” Cornell University, arXiv:1301.3781 
(7 September).Pennington, Jeffrey, Richard Socher, and Christopher 
D. Manning. 2014. “GloVe: Global Vectors for Word 
Representation.”  Proceedings of the 2014 Conference on 
Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP)  
(October): 1532–43.
Raffel, Colin, Noam Shazeer, Adam Roberts, Katherine Lee, 
Sharan Narang, Michael Matena, Yanqi Zhou, Wei Li, and 
Peter J. Liu. 2020. “Exploring the Limits of Transfer Learning 
with a Unified Text-to-Text Transformer.” Cornell University, 
arXiv:1910.10683 (28 July).
Rajpurkar, Pranav, Jian Zhang, Konstantin Lopyrev, and 
Percy Liang. 2016. “SQuAD: 100,000+ Questions for 
Machine Comprehension of Text.” Proceedings of the 2016 
Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language 
Processing (November): 2383–92.
Turing, Alan Mathison. 1950. “Computing Machinery and 
Intelligence.” Mind  LIX (236): 433–60.
Vaswani, Ashish, Noam Shazeer, Niki Parmar, Jakob 
Uszkoreit, Llion Jones, Aidan N. Gomez, Łukasz Kaiser, 
and Illia Polosukhin. 2017. “Attention Is All You Need.” 
In Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 
30, edited by I. Guyon, U. V. Luxburg, S. Bengio, H. Wallach, 
R. Fergus, S. Vishwanathan, and R. Garnett, 5998–6008.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
56  CFA Institute Research Foundation5. ADVANCES IN NATURAL LANGUAGE 
UNDERSTANDING FOR INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
Stefan Jansen, CFA
Founder and Lead Data Scientist, Applied AI
Introduction 
Investors have long sifted through documents searching 
for facts that corroborate fundamental analysis, support 
forecasts, or provide insight into market dynamics. Given 
the importance of language for communication, it is not 
surprising that 80%–90% of information is available only 
in unstructured forms, such as text or audio, making it 
much harder to work with than tabular data that conform to 
database and excel formats (Harbert 2021). However, such 
data can enable more valuable, differentiated insights than 
numerical data in widespread use alone.
Text data sources relevant for investors  depend on the 
asset class and investment horizon. They can be very 
diverse, ranging from regulatory filings and research 
reports to financial news and social media content. In 
addition, legal contracts may play an essential role for, 
for example, debt or real estate investments. Substantial 
improvements in speech recognition enable real-time 
processing of audio data, such as earnings calls, adding 
speaker tone, and other verbal nuances, which may 
uncover hidden insights. Similar advances in machine 
translation expand this universe to any common language. 
Over the last two decades, electronic access to text data  
with information affecting investment decisions in real 
time has increased by orders of magnitude. Automated 
downloads of corporate 10-K and 10-Q SEC filings, for 
instance, multiplied almost 500 times, from 360,861 in 
2003 to around 165 million in 2016 (Cao, Jiang, Yang, and 
Zhang 2020). Machines have been driving part of this data 
explosion: In 2015, the Associated Press (AP) was already 
generating over 3,000 stories automatically on US corpo -
rate earnings per quarter, a tenfold increase over previous 
human production. The output had grown by more than 50% 
by 2017, while other outlets followed the AP’s lead.
Unsurprisingly, the resulting data deluge has accelerated 
research into natural language processing (NLP), the 
AI discipline that cuts across linguistics and computer 
science and focuses on the ability of machines to make 
sense of text data. Practical goals are to automate and 
accelerate the analysis of text data or augment the capa -
bilities of humans to do so. In 2016, J.P. Morgan deployed 
technology that could read 12,000 documents to extract 
150 attributes relevant for human review in seconds, 
compared to 360,000 person-hours per year needed pre -
viously, all while being more accurate. NLP use cases  vary from matching patterns and summarizing documents to 
making actionable predictions. They include standardizing 
and tagging investment targets across a large body of 
documents, scoring news sentiment or environmental, 
social, and governance (ESG) disclosures, flagging compli -
ance issues, and forecasting market prices. Sustained R&D  
has improved applications that help manage and exploit 
the explosion of unstructured language data in versatile 
ways to create value along the investment process. 
These applications can boost analyst productivity by 
imposing structure on documents and their content, focus 
the attention of portfolio managers by prioritizing news 
flow, and facilitate risk management by detecting material 
events in real time. They can also support investment 
decisions by generating alpha signals. 
The most impressive improvements build on breakthroughs 
in machine learning (ML) , particularly deep learning, 
where new language models have dramatically boosted 
performance on various tasks. However, organizations 
with a range of resources can leverage NLP applications 
because cloud-based application programming interfaces 
(APIs), high-quality open-source building blocks, and a 
growing vendor ecosystem have simplified the adoption 
or development of NLP solutions. At the other end of the 
spectrum, cutting-edge systems that generate proprietary 
alpha signals require an in-house team of specialists. This 
chapter describes NLP applications used by analysts and 
discretionary or systematic portfolio managers and char -
acterizes emerging applications under development at 
leading quantitatively oriented funds. I begin by explaining 
key challenges facing NLP by machines and how recent 
advances have addressed them much better than earlier 
approaches. Then, I outline various categories of NLP appli -
cations and how they are used throughout the investment 
process. Finally, I illustrate three popular financial NLP use 
cases in more detail.
Challenges Faced by NLP
Making sense of language, never easy for machines, 
is even harder in finance.
Human language has many characteristics that make it 
notoriously hard for machines  to process, interpret, and act 
on. It builds on complex grammatical rules, idiomatic usage, 
and contextual understanding—all of which humans take a 
significant amount of time to learn. Common challenges in 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  57interpreting language require decisions between multiple 
meanings for the same word, which may require context 
not provided in the document but instead assumed to be 
known to the reader. An early machine translation attempt 
illustrates how this process can go wrong: “out of sight, 
out of mind” translated into Russian and back to English 
produced “invisible, insane” (Pollack 1983).
A key challenge particular to machines is the requisite 
conversion of text into numbers  suitable for digital compu -
tation. The output tends to simplify the intricate structure 
of language by omitting or weakening critical relationships 
among words, phrases, and sentences. As a result, algo -
rithms have struggled for a long time to recover the mean -
ing of statements and documents.
Popular applications such as sentiment analysis used rela -
tively simplistic, error-prone approaches : They relied on the 
presence of specific words or language patterns defined 
by humans to evaluate statements or flag events, as we 
will see in more detail later. Such methods are transparent 
and intuitive but often have limited flexibility and sensitivity 
compared to language models with more sophisticated 
understanding.
Additional challenges emerge with domain-specific uses 
of language , as in finance. The need to account for the 
distinct semantics of technical terms and incorporate spe -
cialized vocabulary limits the transfer of applications that 
have proven helpful in other areas, such as online search, 
marketing, and customer service.
Sentiment analysis, for instance, one of the most popular 
financial NLP applications, is used across industries to 
evaluate customer feedback. However, as we will see in 
more detail, investor communication differs too much for 
results to carry over. These differences also limit the data 
that specialized applications can learn from. As a result, 
text-based applications in finance are lagging  substantially 
behind developments in other domains.
Progress of NLP Applications 
in Investments
Notwithstanding these hurdles, ML applications for text 
data have advanced dramatically, driven by the familiar 
trifecta of more data, faster computation, and better algo -
rithms. Paralleling critical developments in other AI disci -
plines over the last two to three decades, NLP has gradually 
abandoned techniques based on rules crafted by domain 
specialists, such as linguists, in favor of statistical models 
that learn relevant patterns directly from text data .
Over the last 5–10 years, language models based on 
novel deep neural network architectures have evolved to 
capture the nuances of language much more accurately 
than before. Recent breakthroughs involve using neural networks that learn how to represent words as vectors  
rather than individual integers (Mikolov, Sutskever, Chen, 
Corrado, and Dean 2013). These so-called embedding 
vectors contain hundreds of real numbers that reflect 
language usage in context because they are optimized to 
predict terms that are missing from a given piece of text. 
More specifically, the location of a vector captures much of 
a word’s meaning in the sense of “know a word by the com -
pany it keeps” (Firth 1957). Not only are synonyms nearby, 
but even more complex relationships have vector equiva -
lents: For example, the vector pointing from France to Paris 
would be parallel and of equal length to the one connecting 
Japan and Tokyo.
In another critical step forward, the transformer architec -
ture abandoned recurrent neural networks, the hitherto 
dominant way to process text data due to its sequential 
nature, in favor of the attention mechanism (Vaswani, 
Shazeer, Parmar, Uszkoreit, Jones, Gomez, Kaiser, and 
Polosukhin 2017). This innovation allows modeling depen -
dencies between words regardless of distance and paral -
lelizing the training process. The benefits are step changes 
in scale: Models can learn from much longer sequences, 
benefit from dramatically larger datasets, and rely on many 
more parameters.
State-of-the-art implementations now reach or exceed 
human-level performance  on various benchmark tasks from 
sentiment analysis to paraphrasing or question answering 
(Wang, Pruksachatkun, Nangia, Singh, Michael, Hill, Levy, 
and Bowman 2019). Google introduced machine translation 
systems based on neural networks that reduced errors by 
60% in 2016. Recent machine translation systems produce 
outputs that humans have difficulty distinguishing from 
those of a professional translator (Popel, Tomkova, Tomek, 
Kaiser, Uszkoreit, Bojar, and Žabokrtský 2020).
These large-scale models require a massive amount of 
unlabeled data and computation to extract their intri -
cate understanding of language, which would make this 
new technology cost prohibitive for most applications. 
Fortunately, the performance breakthroughs reflect an 
emerging paradigm in developing AI systems toward a new 
class of foundation models  (Bommasani, Hudson, Adeli, 
Altman, Arora, von Arx, Bernstein, Bohg, Bosselut, Brunskill, 
et al. 2021). This new model class learns universal capa -
bilities from broad data (including but not limited to text 
data) that transfer to specific tasks very cost effectively. 
Instances of this new model class have begun to generate 
computer code and prove mathematical theorems (Polu 
and Sutskever 2020). Multimodal models that integrate, 
for example, text and audio data add intent parsing to 
speech recognition to capture nuances of language; under 
active research for voice assistants, applications aiming 
to read between the lines of earnings call transcripts are 
also emerging. Model performance appears to scale reli -
ably with input data and model size, and the foreseeable 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
58  CFA Institute Research Foundationability to boost both makes substantial further advances 
likely (Srivastava, Rastogi, Rao, Shoeb, Abid, Fisch, Brown, 
Santoro, Gupta, Garriga-Alonso, et al. 2022).
This new paradigm enables so-called transfer learn -
ing, which renders developing applications for financial 
use cases much more cost effective and accurate (see 
Exhibit 1 ). Pretrained models are widely available via open-
source platforms, reducing model development to adapting 
the model’s language understanding to its domain-specific 
uses. This process can be proprietary and requires only 
unlabeled data relevant to the target application, such as 
earnings call transcripts, financial news, or research reports, 
which are often abundant. Fine-tuning the adapted model to 
a specific task, such as sentiment analysis or return predic -
tion, requires labeled data, which may need human exper -
tise. Still, it can be relatively small, measured in thousands 
of documents rather than (hundreds of) millions.
As a result, it has become easier to unlock investment 
insights hidden in unstructured text data. Established 
applications such as sentiment analysis have evolved to 
become more sophisticated and effective, while new appli -
cations are beginning to emerge.
Applications and Use Cases 
along the Investment 
Process
NLP applications aim to extract relevant information from 
language data and are thus very versatile. As a result, use 
cases vary widely, depending on how investors use text 
data  throughout the investment process and where NLP 
can add value. The investment strategy, asset classes, 
holding periods, and degree of process automation further 
shape the specifics of suitable applications. The availability 
of human, technical, and financial resources affects the 
sophistication of applications and influences decisions 
about external sourcing and in-house development.
The most popular applications cover a spectrum from data 
management, research support, and idea generation to 
alpha signal generation:
• On one end of the spectrum are applications that aim 
to boost the productivity of research analysts  faced 
with growing amounts of potentially relevant text data. NLP solutions that focus on efficiency range from tag -
ging, intelligent search, text summarization, and docu -
ment comparison to the discovery of topics based on 
ML that helps organize large numbers of documents.
• On the other end are applications that extract predic -
tive signals to generate alpha  using state-of-the-art 
deep learning models. The outputs can inform discre -
tionary and systematic portfolio management deci -
sions or feed into further models to drive an automated 
strategy.
Along this spectrum exist numerous applications that 
quantify or score text content for specific characteristics 
deemed insightful and complementary to the content 
alone. Well-known examples include the analysis of senti -
ment, which can be defined in various ways, as we will see 
later. Alternative targets include ESG scores that measure 
how well corporate communication aligns with certain 
concepts. Approaches have tracked the evolution of NLP 
technology, as I will discuss in more detail.
Various inputs and techniques underlie most NLP appli -
cations. Data sources  are the starting point and have 
multiplied and diversified. They range from public sources, 
such as machine-readable SEC filings, to familiar aggre -
gators, such as Bloomberg, S&P Global, or Refinitiv (now 
LSEG Labs). Primary news or social media sources are now 
offering data to investors, as do companies that gener -
ate text data. Web-scraping produces potentially more 
exclusive data but is more resource intensive. Vendors 
have emerged that collect and aggregate text data, such 
as earnings calls. Depending on the source format, addi -
tional data preparation may be required to make raw data 
machine readable using, for example, image recognition, 
OCR (optical character recognition), or PDF (portable docu -
ment format) extraction.
Text preprocessing segments raw text into tokens and 
higher-order elements, such as paragraphs, sentences, and 
phrases. Another critical step to enable further analysis is 
tagging text elements with linguistic annotations and other 
metadata, in particular, entity information, to resolve refer -
ences to investment targets. Alternatively, data providers 
also provide “machine-ready” news that incorporates some 
metadata.
Investment firms that seriously pursue NLP tend to build pro -
prietary pipelines using open-source tools that convert text Exhibit 1. The Transfer Learning Workflow
Pretraining
•Large, unlabeled generic
text data  
•Open sourceDomain Adaptation
•Unlabeled text representative
of domain 
•Open source, proprietaryFine-Tuning
•Labeled text representative
of task 
•ProprietaryDeployment
•New data
•Proprietary

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  59data into custom model inputs because of the high added 
value at this step. Like other AI disciplines, open-source 
software  has played an essential role in pushing the NLP 
research frontier, facilitating widespread technology adop -
tion, and developing applications. A central reason is that the 
NLP workflow has common steps that can share tools. The 
Python language community has been particularly active in 
this regard. A popular Python library for these tasks is spaCy.
As a result, the development cost of custom NLP applica -
tions has dropped significantly and has become acces -
sible to medium-sized firms. Furthermore, vendors have 
emerged that provide specialized solutions for certain 
workflow aspects and end-to-end solutions for specific 
applications: The estimated value of the global NLP market 
was USD10 billion in 2019 and is projected to grow to 
USD33 billion by 2025 (Lewington and Sartenaer 2021).
An excellent example of the evolution and broadening 
availability of NLP solutions is Kensho , which aims to make 
advanced information processing capabilities available 
to market participants beyond leading quant hedge 
funds. The company started in 2012 and was acquired by 
Standard & Poor’s in 2018, setting a record for AI-driven 
deals at USD550 million, exceeding the price paid by Google 
for DeepMind. Kensho had developed an application named 
Warren (after Warren Buffett) with a simple textbox inter -
face that offered investment advice to complex questions 
posed in plain English. It could access millions of data 
points, including drug approvals, economic reports, mone -
tary policy changes, and political events, and could reveal 
their impact on nearly any traded financial asset worldwide. 
The company also provides an automated contextual anal -
ysis of changes in news flow, earnings reports, and analyst 
ratings. Early adopters included Goldman Sachs, which pri -
marily used it to advise investment clients who contacted 
its trading desks.
Solutions have since evolved to focus on unstructured data 
and cover several techniques and applications mentioned 
previously. Namely, the company transcribes earnings calls, 
extracts data from PDF documents, detects and resolves 
named entities, such as companies, and links them to 
established identifiers. It also offers ML solutions, such as 
fine-tuning text classifiers and high-quality training sets, 
including 5,000 hours of earnings call recordings for multi -
modal modeling.
A 2020 survey of 20 customers  by the LSEG (London Stock 
Exchange Group) Labs (formerly Refinitiv) found that 65% 
had begun to use NLP applications . Of this group, around 
one-third were just getting started, and another third were 
expending significant resources to identify use cases and 
deploy solutions. In contrast, the final third considered 
NLP fundamental and had already implemented the most 
advanced technologies, including deep learning models 
(Lewington and Sartenaer 2021).An analysis of automated downloads of SEC filings fur -
ther illustrates the value different organizations place 
on NLP applications  (Cao et al. 2020). Exhibit 2  displays 
the number of downloads over 2004–2017 by 13F filers. 
Among the most active consumers of machine-readable 
corporate filings are leading quantitative hedge funds, from 
Renaissance Technologies to D. E. Shaw. These institutions 
are the most likely to develop cutting-edge applications, 
such as the end-to-end training of models that combine 
text and other data sources to directly predict such out -
comes of interest as returns for use in automated trad -
ing strategies. Institutions that heavily rely on research 
analysts, such as asset managers (but also quantitative 
hedge funds), certainly use productivity-enhancing NLP 
applications to efficiently process the large amounts of 
information contained in regulatory filings and other text 
documents.
I now proceed to describe applications that facilitate text 
data management to support the research process and 
lay the groundwork for more sophisticated applications. 
Then, I discuss how sentiment and other scoring tools have 
evolved with improved technology. Finally, I sketch applica -
tions on the horizon at the research frontier.
I illustrate these applications using publicly available data -
sets containing real-life financial news (see Exhibit 3 ). 
The financial phrasebank contains 4,840 sentences from 
English language news about companies trading on the 
Finnish stock exchange. Annotators have hand labeled 
each sentence as positive, neutral, or negative. I use the 
portion of the dataset where all annotators agree. The US 
financial news dataset consists of over 200,000 financial 
news articles on US companies sourced from various 
websites.
Getting Started: Organizing 
and Tagging Large Amounts 
of Text Data
The dramatic increase in text data volume generates new 
opportunities to detect a valuable signal but risks inundat -
ing the investment process with noise. To boost research 
analyst productivity and focus investment manager atten -
tion on critical events, tools that automate search, cate -
gorization, and the detection of relevant information are 
paramount.
The first steps toward this goal involve applying the initial 
stages of the NLP workflow described previously. More spe -
cifically, they include the following applications:
• Named entity recognition (NER):  The automated 
tagging of objects of interest, such as corporations, 
people, or events

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
60  CFA Institute Research FoundationExhibit 2. Downloads for Select 13F Filers, 2004–2017
Investment Firm No. of Downloads Type
Renaissance Technologies 536,753 Quantitative hedge fund
Two Sigma Investments 515,255 Quantitative hedge fund
Barclays Capital 377,280 Financial conglomerate with asset management
JPMorgan Chase 154,475 Financial conglomerate with asset management
Point72 104,337 Quantitative hedge fund
Wells Fargo 94,261 Financial conglomerate with asset management
Morgan Stanley 91,522 Investment bank with asset management
Citadel LLC 82,375 Quantitative hedge fund
RBC Capital Markets 79,469 Financial conglomerate with asset management
D. E. Shaw & Co. 67,838 Quantitative hedge fund
UBS AG 64,029 Financial conglomerate with asset management
Deutsche Bank AG 55,825 Investment bank with asset management
Union Bank of California 50,938 Full-service bank with private wealth management
Squarepoint 48,678 Quantitative hedge fund
Jefferies Group 47,926 Investment bank with asset management
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company 24,759 Investment bank with asset management
Piper Jaffray (now Piper Sandler) 18,604 Investment bank with asset management
Lazard 18,290 Investment bank with asset management
Oppenheimer & Co. 15,203 Investment bank with asset management
Northern Trust Corporation 11,916 Financial conglomerate with asset management
Exhibit 3. Reading the Financial Phrasebank
def read_phrase_bank (): 
 """Load sentences and annotations and return unique values"""  
 label_to_score = {'negative' : -1, 'neutral' : 0, 'positive' : 1} 
 file_path = Path( 'financial_phrase_bank' , 
'Sentences_AllAgree.txt' ) 
 text = file_path.read_text(encoding= 'latin1' ).split( '\n') 
 df = pd.DataFrame([s.split( '@') for s in text], 
                   columns=[ 'sentence' , 'sentiment' ]) 
 df.sentiment = df.sentiment.map(label_to_score)  
 return df.dropna().drop_duplicates()  

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  61• Linguistic annotation:  Labeling of text elements 
regarding their grammatical function and other 
aspects
• Topic modeling:  The identification of themes present 
in documents for automated categorization
I illustrate how each works and can, in turn, add value to 
the investment process.
Programmatic Tagging of Content 
with NER
Named entity recognition  detects real-world concepts 
of interest, such as companies, individuals, locations, or 
custom entities in the text, allowing for spelling and other 
variations to ensure robustness across various sources. 
Among many different uses, it also supports compliance 
processes—for example, in anti-money laundering—
because it can quickly flag critical items that require further 
diligence (sanction lists, politically exposed persons, etc.).
It automatically annotates documents with tags or meta -
data  to enable the real-time detection of such concepts. 
Furthermore, it permits the integration of different datasets, 
such as news data that refer to a company by name and 
price data that identify relevant securities by ticker. It also 
lays the foundation for analyzing relationships between 
different concepts, such as competitors or members of 
a supply chain, or for comparing information for a given 
object at other points in time.
NER implementations  can rely on predefined dictionaries 
that map words to concepts or learn these mappings from 
manually labeled data. The following code snippet (see 
Exhibit 4 ) shows some of the annotations that spaCy pro -
vides out of the box—that is, without custom training—for a 
given sentence: It recognizes nationality, company names, and ticker/exchange symbols, as well as the date and 
monetary values.
NER is a foundational tool  that forms the basis for many 
other applications. Any investment firm that aims to auto -
mate the processing of text documents will require its 
results, whether it aims to use interactive applications to 
augment analysts or to build more sophisticated ML models 
that use documents.
Linguistic Annotation: Parsing 
Dependencies among Sentence 
Elements
While NER detects items in isolation, linguistic annotations 
establish functional relationships among text elements  in 
a sentence. This technique reverse engineers the connec -
tions between objects and actions using the grammatical 
structure and provides vital inputs into downstream efforts 
at recovering the meaning of the content.
The details are beyond the scope of this chapter, but the 
code snippet in Exhibit 5  illustrates how spaCy annotates a 
fragment of the sample sentence from Exhibit 4.
It simultaneously identifies the grammatical roles of words, 
such as nouns, verbs, and prepositions; the dependencies 
among them (e.g., “company” is further defined by “Finnish 
metal products”); and coherent phrases.
Downstream applications  can use these metadata and the 
resulting dependency parsing tree to screen sentences for 
specific patterns and phrases, such as “net loss narrowed,” 
with more positive implications than the individual words 
in isolation might suggest (Marinov 2019). An example is 
custom sentiment analysis that encodes specific observa -
tions about meaningful statements.
Exhibit 4. Named Entity Recognition with spaCy
. a year earlier DATEFinnish NORP metal products company Componenta Oyj ORG HEL ORG CTH1V ORG () said its net loss narrowed to today DATE :
500,000 MONEY USD() inthe last quarter of 2010 DATE from EUR 5.3 million MONEY for the same period 680,000 MONEY EURimport spacy 
from spacy import displacy  
nlp = spacy.load( 'en_core_web_trf' ) 
phrases = read_phrase_bank()  
sentences = phrases.sentence.tolist()  
doc = nlp(sentences[331])  
displacy.render(doc, style ='ent', jupyter= True, options={ 'compact' : 
True}) 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
62  CFA Institute Research FoundationTo leverage the potential value of linguistic annotations, 
organizations need a dedicated data science team with 
NLP expertise to further process the results. Hence, it would 
rarely be used outside larger investment organizations.
Automatic Discovery of Themes 
across Documents with Topic 
Modeling
A topic model aims to discover hidden themes  across a 
body of documents and computes the relevance of these 
themes to each of them. The most popular technique is 
latent Dirichlet allocation, or LDA (Blei, Ng, and Jordan 2003). 
In this context, a theme consists of terms that are more 
likely to appear jointly in documents that represent this 
theme than elsewhere. The discovery process is fully auto -
mated given a target number of topics, which can be opti -
mized using statistical goodness-of-fit measures.
The results share a drawback common to unsupervised 
learning : The lack of a ground truth benchmark implies 
the absence of objective performance metrics. In other 
words, the value of a particular set of topics identified by 
the model depends on how useful they are to the down -
stream application. Moreover, topics do not come with 
handy labels; each one corresponds to a list of words with 
associated weights (but humans tend to quickly grasp the 
concepts behind a topic upon inspection). These practical 
challenges notwithstanding, topic models are among the 
most effective tools for organizing large amounts of text in 
a meaningful and automatic way.
Investment firms use topic models as tools that facilitate 
the research process . They are useful because they sum -
marize large amounts of text in a much more manageable 
number of themes that are easy to track over time. At the 
same time, the content of individual documents transpar -
ently relates to these topics. Analysts can use this informa -
tion to compare how the relevance of topics changes over 
time or across related companies and quickly identify the 
relevant text passages. Implementations used to require 
custom developments but can now rely to a much greater 
degree on third-party APIs. As a result, this technology is becoming increasingly accessible to small and medi -
um-sized firms.
Bryan Kelly, of AQR and Yale University, and co-authors illus -
trate a practical use of LDA by identifying 180 topics in over 
800,000 Wall Street Journal  articles covering 1984–2017 
(Bybee, Kelly, Manela, and Xiu 2021). The authors maintain 
an interactive website ( www.structureofnews.com ) that 
illustrates how textual analysis can summarize the state of 
the economy. The uncovered structure of economic news  
shows several benefits of the topic model output:
• The documents most relevant for a given topic are 
easy to retrieve at any point in time because each text 
has a topic weight.
• The relative prevalence of themes also matters because 
it reflects the attention that news pays to them over 
time. In other words, the mix of topics at any time 
reflects the current state of the economy and does 
correlate with macroeconomic indicators. Moreover, it 
explains 25% of aggregate market returns when used 
as an input to a statistical model and predicts economic 
events, such as recessions, beyond standard indicators.
Two Sigma  illustrates how LDA can add value when applied 
to Federal Open Market Committee meeting minutes  to 
quantify the relative weight of various economic issues 
over time. The company’s analysis shows how financial 
market topics gained relative weight, at the expense 
of growth-related themes, at the beginning of Alan 
Greenspan’s tenure, underpinning the market’s perception 
of the Greenspan put at the time (Saret and Mitra 2016).
Exhibit 6  illustrates the selection of a random sample of 
25,000 financial news articles with 250–750 words each, 
the preprocessing of the text with spaCy to remove less 
informative terms, and the use of Gensim’s LDA implemen -
tation to identify 15 topics.
We then use pyLDAvis to visualize the relative importance 
of the 15 topics interactively. Exhibit 7  displays the vocab -
ulary frequency for each theme compared to its frequency 
across all documents. Topic 5, for instance, discusses tech -
nology companies.Exhibit 5. Grammatical Dependency Relations with spaCy
doc = nlp(sents[331] ) 
displacy.render(doc, style= 'dep', jupyter= True, options={ 'compact' : 
True, 'distance' : 100})  
Finnish
ADJmetal
NOUNamod
appos appos npadvmodccomp
poss
amodn subj prepprep
pobj appos
nmod nmodcompound
compoundnsubj
product s
NOUNcompan y
NOUNComponenta
PROPNits
PRONnet
ADJloss
NOUNnarrowed
VERBto
ADPEUR
SYMUSD
SYM50,000 (
NUM68,000 )
NUMOyj (
PROPNHEL :
PROPNCTH1V )
PROPNSaid
VERBtoday
NOUNcompound compound

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  63Exhibit 6. Latent Dirichlet Allocation Using Gensim
df = pd.read_csv( 'us_news.csv' , usecols=[ 'content' ]).drop_duplicates()  
df = df[df.str.split().str.len().between(250, 750)].sample(n=25000)  
 
nlp = spacy.load( 'en_core_web_md' ) 
preprocessed_doc s = [] 
to_remove = ['ADV', 'PRON', 'CCONJ', 'PUNCT', 'PART', 'DET', 'ADP', 
'SPACE', 'NUM', 'SYM']  
for doc in tqdm(nlp.pipe(df.tolist(), n_process= -1)): 
 preprocessed_docs.append([t.lemma_.lower() for t in doc 
                           if t.pos_ not in to_remove and not 
t.is_stop and t.is_alpha])  
len(nlp.vocab) # 117,319 tokens  
dictionary = Dictionary(preprocessed_docs)  
dictionary.filter_extremes(no_below=5, no_above=0.2, keep_n=5000)  
LdaMulticore(corpus=corpus, id2word=dictionary, iterations=50 , 
                                                    
 num_topics=num_topics, workers=4, passes=25, random_state=100 ) 
Exhibit 7. Topic Visualization Using PyLDAvis
5
1012
9
151Intertopic Distance Map ( via multidimensional scaling)
2
37
41413PC2
PC1
2%
5%
10%Marginal t opic distribution0 10,000 20,000 30,000 40,000 50,000 60,000Top-30 Most R elevant T erms fo r Topic 5 (7 .7% of tok ens)
apple
service
technology
inc
business
custo mer
revenu e
cloud
t
amazon
networ k
mobile
iphone
platf orm
product
growth
softwa re
digital
device
micr osoft
solution
tech
datum
user
help
g
launch
include
buybase6811
Overall term frequen cy
Estimat ed term frequenc y within the select ed to pic
1. salienc y(term w)  = frequenc y(w)  * [sum_tp(t | w)  * log(p(t | w) /p(t))]
 for topics t; see Chuang et.
 relev ance(t erm w | t opic t) = λ * p( w | t) + (1 – λ) * p( w | t)/p( w);
 see Sie vert & Shirle y (2014)2.
Sources:  PyLDAvis using information from Chuang, Manning, and Heer (2012) and Sievert and Shirley (2014).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
64  CFA Institute Research FoundationScoring Text for Sentiment 
Analysis
The impact of news encoded in text data on prices has 
long motivated investors to design summary metrics that 
could anticipate the market’s reaction to news content. 
Sentiment analysis is by far the most popular NLP appli -
cation: Systematic attempts to score market sentiment 
regarding new information on an asset and to invest 
accordingly have been documented for almost 100 years 
(Cowles 1933). Computerized sentiment analysis at scale 
gained momentum after 2000.
Sentiment analysis is very popular because scores for 
news stories or corporate communications are available 
from various sources, including the ubiquitous Bloomberg 
terminal. Research analysts can use such scores to quan -
tify and compare trends across a coverage universe, and 
portfolio managers can evaluate news flow quality “at a 
glimpse.” Scores can also be used as trading signals (and 
are often promoted to this end).
However, there are many ways to derive such scores, as 
I will discuss later, not least because the term “sentiment” 
offers room for interpretation. Custom implementations 
tend to provide more valuable information because they 
control the definition of the outcome. However, they rely on 
supervised learning, which, in turn, requires costly human 
expertise to label data. It also requires in-house data 
science capabilities or trusted vendors.
Measuring Text Characteristics 
by Scoring Text Elements
Initially, practitioners relied on word lists developed in other 
disciplines, such as psychology, to score the positive or 
negative sentiment likely expressed by individual words. 
To evaluate the polarity of an entire document, they aggre -
gated the sentiment scores.In 2011, Loughran and McDonald demonstrated how 
the specific use of language in finance requires tailored 
approaches to avoid misinterpretation. For instance, inves -
tors tend to focus more on negative aspects. However, they 
face the challenge that corporate communication carefully 
controls positive and negative word frequencies in earnings 
calls and other disclosures (Loughran and McDonald 2011).
Beyond Sentiment: Capturing 
Intentions and Hidden Meaning
Loughran and McDonald (2011) introduced word lists spe -
cific to finance to capture both tone and behavioral aspects 
that investors care about. Besides positive or negative lan -
guage, investment managers pay attention to the degree of 
confidence surrounding forward-looking statements to gain 
insights into the attitudes of more informed insiders.
Common word lists thus emphasize hints at obfuscation 
or deception (such as the overuse of favorable terms) or 
uncertainty (for example, via the possibly unintentional use 
of such “weak modal” words as “may” or “could,” in earnings 
calls). Therefore, Loughran and McDonald added lists that 
flagged when the word choice strengthens or weakens 
material statements. Exhibit 8  lists the five most common 
terms for the original seven lists, which have received 
minor updates since publication.
Loughran and McDonald further differentiated these lists by 
channel of communication to address additional bias. They 
also accounted for differences in the meaning of words 
in, for instance, regulatory filings, where the term “auditor” 
does not have the negative connotation typically perceived 
in business news.
Another text characteristic that investors frequently scru -
tinize is the readability of text, measured by such metrics 
as the number of words per sentence or the number of 
syllables per word. The rationale is that overly complex 
language may indicate an intent to mislead or distract the 
reader. Just as with sentiment analysis, the definition of 
Exhibit 8. Most Common Terms in Select Word Lists
Negative Positive Uncertainty Litigious Strong_Modal Weak_Modal Constraining
LOSS GAIN MAY SHALL WILL MAY REQUIRED
LOSSES GAINS COULD AMENDED MUST COULD OBLIGATIONS
TERMINATION ABLE APPROXIMATELY CONTRACTS BEST POSSIBLE REQUIREMENTS
AGAINST GOOD RISK HEREIN HIGHEST MIGHT RESTRICTED
IMPAIRMENT ADVANCES RISKS LAW NEVER DEPEND IMPAIRMENT
Source:  Loughran and McDonald (2011).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  65readability requires sensitivity to the context: The language 
in a financial report has a different baseline complexity 
than financial news, and the criteria and thresholds need 
to be adapted accordingly. Moreover, critics maintain that 
the complexity of language primarily reflects the size of an 
organization (Loughran and McDonald 2020).
From Sentiment Scores 
to Investment Decisions
Subsequently, vendors emerged that offered 
domain-specific word lists and ready-made sentiment 
scores. Document scores often become inputs to ana -
lysts’ research process to compare their own values 
across a universe of competitors. Analysts also combine 
sentiment scores with the results of a topic model to 
quantify how differently alternative investment targets 
discuss similar themes.
Or, sentiment scores can feed into a model that aims to 
explain or predict returns. Academic evaluations of this 
approach tend to find a statistically significant yet eco -
nomically small association between document sentiment 
and subsequent returns.
However, measuring text characteristics with dictionaries 
assembled by domain experts has several weaknesses:
1. Interpreting text by evaluating words in isolation 
ignores a lot of information.
2. Word lists are backward looking: Even if the domain 
expertise that maps terms to polarity scores success -
fully captures signal rather than noise, this relation -
ship may break down at any time.
3. Moreover, if the communicators are aware of the word 
lists used by investors, they may adjust their word 
choice to influence the market favorably.Word Lists in Practice
The Loughran–McDonald word lists are in the public domain, 
and the code example in Exhibit 9  illustrates their use and 
predictive accuracy on the hand-labeled phrasebank dataset.
The traditional Loughran–McDonald word list approach 
achieves an accuracy of 66.03%. A defining characteristic 
of the methods described in this section is that the scoring 
or classification rules are typically handcrafted rather than 
learned by a machine from data. We now turn to a data-
driven alternative.
Modern NLP: Learning to 
Predict Arbitrary Outcomes 
from Text Data
The evolution of sentiment analysis tracks the progress in 
NLP from rule-based to data-driven approaches outlined 
earlier in this chapter. The rapid adoption of state-of-the-art 
modeling techniques based on transfer learning are making 
sophisticated applications much more accessible. As in 
other industries, custom models that predict targets of inter -
est are becoming commonplace beyond industry leaders.
These applications offer enormous flexibility because input 
data and target outcomes can be designed if training data 
are available. Dataset curation  often poses the costliest 
hurdle: It requires the annotation of the input documents 
and other data with custom labels that reflect the historical 
realizations of the target outcome. Such outcomes may be 
price movements over a given horizon. However, they can 
also be more subtle, such as the appropriate confidence 
in management forecasts made during an earnings call, 
the adherence to some ESG standard, or compliance with 
specific regulations. If the targets are subsequent returns, 
A Caveat: Campbell’s Law
The last point in the preceding list illustrates a 
broader caveat to the analysis of human lan -
guage: Humans adapt and modify their behavior 
to game the system. Campbell’s law, also cited as 
Goodhart’s law, originally formulated this phenom -
enon. Marylin Strathern (1997, p. 308) summarized 
it as follows: “When a measure becomes a target, 
it ceases to be a good measure.”
Careful analysis of corporate communication after 
the release of the Loughran–McDonald word lists uncovers significant changes in word choice, 
particularly by companies most likely subjected to 
automated sentiment scoring (Cao et al. 2020).
Given the reality of executives’ adaptation to auto -
mated sentiment analysis, it can be more effective 
to focus on how analysts ask questions because 
they do not have equally obvious incentives to 
pretend (Mannix 2022).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
66  CFA Institute Research Foundationone can automate the annotation process. However, if 
they depend on domain expertise, labeling can turn into a 
time-intensive use of human capital.
Numerous vendors offer annotation services because this 
step is critical for state-of-the-art NLP projects across 
industries. These include solutions that themselves 
rely on AI, such as Scale AI, Snorkel AI, and Labelbox, 
startups valued over USD1 billion each.1 There are also 
efficiency-enhancing software tools, such as Prodigy.2
Currently, NLP applications that rely on custom models 
based on transfer learning are beginning to proliferate 
1For more information, go to the companies’ respective websites: https://scale.com/ ; https://snorkel.ai/ ; https://labelbox.com/ . 
2Go to https://prodi.gy/ .outside the largest quantitative hedge funds with dedi -
cated research teams. Proof-of-concept developments can 
today be put together by smaller teams so that R&D pilots 
are more common in mid-sized investment firms.
From Rule-Based to Data-Driven 
Approaches
Over the past few years, substantial advances in deep 
learning have moved the frontier for state-of-the-art 
applications from rule-based to data-driven approaches. 
Here, machines learn directly from data how to interpret Exhibit 9. Sentiment Analysis Using Loughran–McDonald Word Lists
def downlo ad_l m(): 
   """Source latest LM word-score dictionary""" 
   url = 'https://drive.google.com/file/d/17CmUZM9hGUdGYjCXcj QLyybjTrcjrhik/view?usp=sharing'  
   url = 'https://drive.google.com/uc?id='  + url.split('/')[-2] 
   return pd.read_csv(url) 
 
def lm_cou nter _by_ theme(): 
   """Return list of terms associated with the seven LM themes""" 
   df = download_lm() 
   df = df.rename(columns=str.lower).assign(word=lambd a x: x.word.str.lower() ) 
   return {theme: Counter(df.loc[df[theme].gt(0), 'word'].tolist()) for theme in lm_sentiment} 
 
def get_lm _sen time nt(df): 
   lm = lm_counter_by_theme() 
   phrases['sentence_'] = phrases.sentence.str.lower() .str.split().apply(Counter ) 
   for direction in ['positive ', 'negative']: 
       df[direction] = (df.sentence_.apply (lambda x: len(list((x & 
lm[direction]).elements()))) 
                        .clip(lower=-1, upper=1)) 
 
   df = df.drop(['sentence_' ], axis=1) 
   df['lm'] = df.positive.sub(df.negative) 
   df['delta'] = df.sentiment.sub(df.lm)  
   return df.drop(['positive', 'negative'], axis=1) 
 
labels = ['negative', 'neutral', 'positive'] 
phrases = read_phrase_bank()  
phrases = get_lm_sentiment(phrases)  
 
lm_cm = confusion_matrix(y_true=phrases.sentiment, y_pred=phrases.lm)  
lm_cm = pd.DataFrame(lm_cm, columns=labels, index=labels)  
lm_acc = accuracy_score(y_true=phrases.sentiment, y_pred=phrases.lm ) 
 
       negative  neutral  positive 
negative  120    177   6     
neutral   68     1284  39    
positive  70     409   91 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  67language and predict sentiment scores or other outcomes 
of interest, such as subsequent asset returns or ESG 
scores, more accurately. In other words, cutting-edge 
applications eschew handcrafted lists and rely on ML 
models to identify patterns relevant to the predictive target.
Approaches range from white-box models that learn trans -
parent word lists from data (Ke, Kelly, and Xiu 2019) to large 
language models that are pretrained on the generic text 
and fine-tuned to domain-specific documents (Araci 2019; 
Huang, Wang, and Yang, forthcoming).
As with a rule-based approach, a downstream model that 
aims to predict returns can combine sentiment scores pro -
duced by a language model with other inputs. Alternatively, 
models can be designed and trained in an end-to-end fashion.
The benefits include exploiting much richer semantic input 
than word lists and the flexibility to train a model to learn 
outcomes directly relevant to the investment strategy. 
However, the custom approach requires curated, labeled 
data: Each training document requires annotation with the 
corresponding ground truth outcome.
Risks include overfitting to noise in the training sample 
and limited ability to transfer the model’s learning from 
the pretraining inputs to the domain-specific documents. 
Fortunately, these risks can be managed and measured 
before using the resulting model in a production setting.
Modern NLP and Transfer Learning 
in Practice with Hugging Face 
and FinBERT-Tone
Hugging Face is an NLP startup based in New York City with 
USD160 million in funding and a USD2 billion valuation that 
offers state-of-the-art custom solutions. It also hosts many 
pretrained and fine-tuned language models and allows for 
free downloads.
One of the models is FinBERT, a large-scale BERT model 
based on the transformer architecture with almost 1 million 
downloads per month. It trained on SEC reports, earnings 
call transcripts, and analyst reports containing close to 5 
billion tokens, with further fine-tuning on the hand-labeled 
phrasebank documents.
The code in Exhibit 10  illustrates how to access the fine-
tuned model and evaluate its predictive performance rela -
tive to the Loughran–McDonald word lists.3
FinBERT achieves 91.7% accuracy, a 39% improvement over 
the Loughran–McDonald approach.
3The comparison is not entirely fair because FinBERT has been trained on these documents. However, the comparison demonstrates how a 
language model overcomes the word list limitations mentioned previously.The sample sentence we used for Exhibit 10 to illustrate 
basic NLP techniques shows why the language model out -
performs: “Finnish metal products company Componenta 
Oyj (HEL: CTH1V) said today its net loss narrowed to 
EUR500,000 (USD680,000) in the last quarter of 2010 from 
EUR 5.3 million for the same period a year earlier.”
The phrase “net loss narrowed” requires taking at least 
some context into account, which simple word lists 
cannot do.
From the Research Frontier: 
Multimodal Models Integrate 
Text and Tone
Speech recognition is key to the analysis of companies’ 
periodic earnings calls. Given the tight controls of the tex -
tual content and adaptation to popular sentiment scoring 
approaches, it can be informative to incorporate the speak -
er’s style and tone into the analysis.
Recent so-called multimodal learning models jointly pro -
cess different modalities, such as text and speech or video 
data, and learn how to interpret these complementary sig -
nals considering the target outcome. Such applications will 
likely become more common as more appropriately labeled 
data become available in house or from vendors.
Early results already suggest these applications can reveal 
what analysts ask about and how they do so, including 
which tone they use (and how company representatives 
respond). A quantified profile of the speakers’ behavior is a 
valuable complement to textual analysis of the actual con -
tent and can be used to inform either human research or 
downstream models.
Summary and Conclusion
NLP applications have become much more widespread over 
the past 5–10 years because the greater amount of data 
increased demand and improved performance. At the same 
time, high-quality open-source software has become available 
and popular, reducing the cost of customized applications, 
developed either in house or through third-party vendors.
Many investment firms that rely on research driven by 
textual input use some form of automated text processing 
or scoring to manage the data explosion and human pro -
ductivity while potentially improving results through the 
efficient discovery of hidden insights.
Applications that quantify text content regarding relevant 
metrics, such as sentiment or ESG scores, have become 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
68  CFA Institute Research Foundationvery common. Most importantly, the unprecedented 
breakthroughs in deep learning for language and transfer 
learning have boosted the accuracy of such measures, 
especially when tailored to the specific use case relevant 
to an investor.
Progress will almost certainly continue in the direc -
tion of large language models that learn to understand 
domain-specific language well in cost-effective ways. The 
challenges will consist of harnessing these new technolo -
gies to automate existing processes and identifying predic -
tive targets that add value to the investment process.
References
Araci, D. 2019. “FinBERT: Financial Sentiment Analysis 
with Pre-Trained Language Models.” Cornell University, 
arXiv:1908.10063 (27 August).
Blei, D. M., A. Y. Ng, and M. I. Jordan. 2003. “Latent Dirichlet 
Allocation.” Journal of Machine Learning Research  3: 
993–1022.
Bommasani, R., Drew A. Hudson, Ehsan Adeli, Russ Altman, 
Simran Arora, Sydney von Arx, Michael S. Bernstein, 
Jeannette Bohg, Antoine Bosselut, Emma Brunskill, 
et al. 2021. “On the Opportunities and Risks of Foundation 
Models.” Cornell University, arXiv:2108.07258 (16 August).Bybee, L., B. T. Kelly, A. Manela, and D. Xiu. 2021. “Business 
News and Business Cycles.” NBER Working Paper 29344 
(October).
Cao, S., W. Jiang, B. Yang, and A. L. Zhang. 2020. “How to Talk 
When a Machine Is Listening?: Corporate Disclosure in the 
Age of AI.” NBER Working Paper 27950 (October).
Cowles, A. 1933. “Can Stock Market Forecasters Forecast?” 
Econometrica  1 (3): 309–24.
Chuang, J., Christopher D. Manning, and Jeffrey Heer. 2012. 
“Termite: Visualization Techniques for Assessing Textual 
Topic Models.” In International Working Conference on 
Advanced Visual Interfaces (AVI) , 74–77.
Firth, J. R. 1957. “Applications of General Linguistics.” 
Transactions of the Philological Society  56 (1): 1–14.
Harbert, T. 2021. “Tapping the Power of Unstructured 
Data.” MIT Sloan (1 February). https://mitsloan.mit.edu/
ideas-made-to-matter/tapping-power-unstructured-data .
Huang, Allen, Hui Wang, and Yi Yang. Forthcoming. “FinBERT: 
A Large Language Model for Extracting Information from 
Financial Text.” Contemporary Accounting Research .
Ke, Z. T., B. T. Kelly, and D. Xiu. 2019. “Predicting Returns with 
Text Data.” NBER Working Paper 26186 (August).Exhibit 10. Sentiment Analysis Using a Fine-Tuned Transformer Model
from transformers impo rt BertTokenizer, BertForSequenceClassification  
def get_fi nber t_se ntime nt(df): 
   finbert = BertForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained('yiyanghkust/finbert-tone' , 
num_labels=3) 
   tokenizer = BertTokenizer.from_pretrained('yiyanghkust/finbert-tone') 
 
   sentiment = [] 
   for sents in chunks(df.sentence.tolist(), n=50):  
       inputs = tokenizer(sents, return_tensors ="pt", padding=True) 
       outputs = finbert(**inputs)[0 ] 
       sentiment.extend(list(np.argmax(outputs.detach().numpy(), axis=1)) ) 
 
   df['finbert'] = sentiment 
   df.finbert = df.finbert.apply(lambda x: -1 if x == 2 else x) 
   return df 
 
phrases = get_finbert_sentiment(phrases ) 
 
fin_cm = confusion_matrix(y_true=phrases.sentiment,  
                         y_pred=phrases.finbert) 
       negative  neutral  positive 
negative  120    177   6     
neutral   68     1284  39    
positive  70     409   91 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  69Lewington, D., and L. Sartenaer. 2021. “NLP in Financial 
Services.” LSEG Labs.
Loughran, T., and B. McDonald. 2011. “When Is a Liability 
Not a Liability? Textual Analysis, Dictionaries, and 10-Ks.” 
Journal of Finance  66 (1): 35–65.
Loughran, T., and B. McDonald. 2020. “Textual Analysis 
in Finance.” Annual Review of Financial Economics  12: 
357–75.
Mannix, R. 2022. “Analysts Reveal More than Company 
Execs on Earnings Calls—AB.” Risk.net (23 February).  
www.risk.net/node/7932076 .
Marinov, S. 2019. “Natural Language Processing In Finance: 
Shakespeare without the Monkeys.” Man Institute (July).
Mikolov, T., I. Sutskever, K. Chen, G. Corrado, and J. Dean. 
2013. “Distributed Representations of Words and Phrases 
and Their Compositionality.” Proceedings of the 26th 
International Conference on Neural Information Processing 
Systems  2: 3111–19.
Pollack, A. 1983. “Technology; The Computer as Translator.” 
New York Times  (28 April). www.nytimes.com/1983/04/28/
business/technology-the-computer-as-translator.html .
Polu, S., and I. Sutskever. 2020. “Generative Language 
Modeling for Automated Theorem Proving.” Cornell 
University, arXiv:2009.03393 (7 September).
Popel, M., M. Tomkova, J. Tomek, Ł. Kaiser, J. Uszkoreit, 
O. Bojar, and Z. Žabokrtský. 2020. “Transforming Machine 
Translation: A Deep Learning System Reaches News 
Translation Quality Comparable to Human Professionals.” 
Nature Communications  11.Saret, J. N., and S. Mitra. 2016. “An AI Approach to Fed 
Watching.” Two Sigma. www.twosigma.com/articles/
an-ai-approach-to-fed-watching/ .
Sievert, Carson, and Kenneth Shirley. 2014. “LDAvis: 
A Method for Visualizing and Interpreting Topics.” In 
Proceedings of the Workshop on Interactive Language 
Learning, Visualization, and Interfaces , 63–70. Baltimore: 
Association for Computational Linguistics.
Srivastava, A., A. Rastogi, A. Rao, A. A. M. Shoeb, A. Abid, 
A. Fisch, A. R. Brown, A. Santoro, A. Gupta, A. Garriga-Alonso, 
et al. 2022. “Beyond the Imitation Game: Quantifying and 
Extrapolating the Capabilities of Language Models.” Cornell 
University, arXiv:2206.04615 (10 June).
Strathern, Marilyn. 1997. “‘Improving Ratings’: Audit in the 
British University System.” European Review  5 (3): 305–21.
Vaswani, A., N. Shazeer, N. Parmar, J. Uszkoreit, L. Jones, 
A. N. Gomez, Ł. Kaiser, and I. Polosukhin. 2017. “Attention Is 
All You Need.” In Advances in Neural Information Processing 
Systems 30 , edited by I. Guyon, U. V. Luxburg, S. Bengio, 
H. Wallach, R. Fergus, S. Vishwanathan, and R. Garnett, 
5998–6008.
Wang, A., Y. Pruksachatkun, N. Nangia, A. Singh, J. Michael,  
F. Hill, O. Levy, and S. R. Bowman. 2019. “SuperGLUE: 
A Stickier Benchmark for General-Purpose Language 
Understanding Systems.” Cornell University, 
arXiv:1905.00537 (2 May).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
70  CFA Institute Research Foundation6. EXTRACTING TEXT-BASED ESG INSIGHTS: 
A HANDS-ON GUIDE
Tal Sansani, CFA
Founder, Off-Script Systems, and Co-Founder, CultureLine.ai
Mikhail Samonov, CFA
Founder, Two Centuries Investments, and Co-Founder, CultureLine.ai
Introduction
This chapter presents several increasingly prevalent and 
effective applications of natural language processing (NLP) 
techniques in environmental, social, and governance (ESG) 
investing. Our guide simultaneously progresses down two 
tracks: the recent history of quantum leaps in NLP modeling 
and applying those advances to the present-day, high-
stakes challenges of ESG investing. Modern NLP thrives in 
a vibrant, open-source environment, allowing investment 
practitioners to stand on the shoulders of AI giants by 
leveraging immense cumulative knowledge and compu -
tational processing power toward customized investment 
solutions. The key features of NLP—seamless customi -
zation and dynamic adaptability—are uniquely suited for 
the rapidly evolving language and standards in the ESG 
ecosystem.
With approximately USD17 trillion in equity capital invested 
in ESG-oriented funds (US SIF Foundation 2020), NLP-based 
insights and signals already underpin a variety of ESG 
datasets, widely used ratings and scores, alternative data 
offerings, and proprietary buy-side investment tools. These 
relatively new tools are helping address many of the most-
cited challenges faced by institutional ESG investors—a 
lack of standardized data from third-party providers, limited 
disclosures from companies, and subjectivity of metrics 
(Cerulli Associates 2022).
This chapter covers a selection of foundational and 
state-of-the-art NLP advances, from word embeddings 
(word2vec, originating in 2013) to large language models 
(BERT, originating in 2018) to machine inference (zero-
shot classifiers, originating in 2020). To support a learning 
journey, the text introduces NLP techniques in progressive 
layers, applying models that detect and connect who  is 
mentioned, what  topic is discussed, and how  that topic is 
described in terms of tone and sentiment.
The simultaneous paths of this chapter are “hands-on” 
experiences with numerous examples, plain English expla -
nations, and illustrations of how advanced NLP techniques 
can help identify ESG themes at the broad market level, the sector level, the individual company level, and even in 
the context of the more nuanced topic of “greenwashing.” 
By showcasing recent NLP innovations, this chapter seeks 
to empower and ultimately inspire readers to apply NLP 
solutions to ESG problems.
ESG Investing: The Need  
for Adaptive Tools
As the concept of ESG has become part of investment 
vernacular (IFC 2004), the volume of data associated with 
related topics has grown exponentially. An entire subin -
dustry of rating providers, index creators, gatekeepers, and 
industry coalitions has emerged to make sense of these 
growing inputs. Consequently, regulatory scrutiny has 
intensified, leading to the formation of various rules, guide -
lines, and proposals.
However, the dynamic nature of ESG metrics continues 
to pose challenges to the formation of industry stan -
dards. In just the last two years, investors have endured 
supply chain risks from COVID-19, diversity and inclusion 
initiatives resulting from racial justice protests, energy 
security concerns in the wake of the war in Ukraine, and 
climate risk related to carbon emissions. The fast pace and 
market volatility of these major global events demonstrate 
the need for flexible and adaptive tools for analysis and 
risk management. This chapter highlights how NLP can 
dynamically and objectively distill this complex landscape 
at scale.
ESG covers a multitude of valuation-relevant, intangi -
bles-related topics missing from financial statements, 
such as product quality, supply chain resilience, human 
capital, and management quality, as well as other metrics 
traditionally associated with fundamental investment 
frameworks. The breadth of topics makes standardiza -
tion challenging, which provides an opportunity for active 
investment research. ESG investing is yet another example 
of how market participants can gain an investment edge 
with novel and dynamic information that goes beyond 
traditional metrics.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  71NLP: Applying Human Insights 
at Scale
Natural language processing, which seeks to create sta -
tistical models that understand text and spoken words, 
is a rapidly growing branch of artificial intelligence (AI). In 
a short time, NLP models have gone from counting words 
in text to accurately inferring tone and meaning, a job 
that has historically been reserved for analysts. In a world 
awash in digital content, deciphering the trustworthiness, 
quality, context, and biases in language requires the collab -
oration of machines.
The nexus of ESG and NLP creates a scalable and cus -
tomized way to extract timely insights from volumes of 
unstructured datasets, such as news (broad, curated, 
and widely consumed information), company and product 
review sites (crowdsourced information), company earn -
ings calls, corporate social responsibility (CSR) reports, 
industry journals (information from practitioners and 
experts), and countless other sources. Whereas Deep Blue 
seeks to best humans at chess (machine over human), the 
most useful applications of AI in investment management 
put people and machines to work collaboratively, empha -
sizing each other’s strengths in the hope of the sum being 
greater than the parts. In the investment context, ESG and 
fundamental analysts can apply their knowledge with NLP 
tools by creatively collaborating with in-house technical 
experts or consultants—teamwork that requires stepping 
out of traditional silos.In the sections that follow, we demonstrate how NLP 
solutions are applied to some of the pressing questions 
surrounding ESG:
• Which issues matter most on a broad market level?
• What ESG issues are most prominent for a given sector 
or a particular company?
• Is the sentiment around a company’s performance on 
sustainability variables worsening or improving?
• Is management spinning a story that is met with skep -
ticism in the financial press?
• Which companies might have rising reputational and 
regulatory risk regarding “greenwashing”?
Extracting Text-Based ESG 
Insights
This chapter highlights ways to explore new ESG research 
or prototype new products by stacking relatively contem -
porary approaches on top of foundational NLP techniques.
These techniques can be learned and developed by layer -
ing on each technological advancement. To illustrate this 
progression, the framework in Exhibit 1  combines three 
core approaches to extracting insights from text along with 
a guide to the initial structuring and sourcing of the infor -
mation: who  the text is about (publicly traded company), 
what  the text is about (ESG topics), and how  the topic is 
described (tone and sentiment).
Exhibit 1. Process Diagram: The Who, the What, and the How of NLP
QUANTITATIVE MODELING
COMPANY PROFILES
APPLICATIONS
Thematic Baskets
Trend Analysis
Risk Control
Stock ScoringDATA PROCESSING
Pre-
ProcessingAPPLIED NLP FRAMEWORK
WHO
Entity Mapping to Public Companies
Can also be applied to people, private
organizations, product lines, etc.
ESG & Customizable Topics
General themes (”labor relations”) or
highly targeted (”greenwashing”)WHAT
Additional Context
Sentiment, Situation, & Emotion
add depth to the topic in questionHOW

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
72  CFA Institute Research FoundationCorpus Creation: Financial News 
and Earnings Calls
Machine-driven insight is only as good as its data inputs. 
For this study, two complementary yet contrasting data 
sources—quarterly earnings transcripts and financial 
news—cover company developments across a variety of 
ESG issues from significantly different perspectives. The 
cost and time involved with fetching, cleaning, and orga -
nizing unstructured data typically represent a large first 
step; however, strong demand for text-based information 
sets (Henry and Krishna 2021) has led many data vendors 
to provide structured feeds of news4 and earnings call 
transcripts5 for NLP modeling, backtesting, and production 
processes.
Data evaluation
Preparing and aggregating data for analytical purposes are 
contextual and informed by how biases in the data could 
affect the model’s output. In this study, earnings calls and 
financial news have three primary contrasting features: 
timeliness  (calls are quarterly; news flow is periodic), 
distribution of text  (earnings calls are done for virtually all 
publicly traded companies, while news is heavily skewed 
toward large companies), and author’s perspective (calls 
are primary-source, first-person information originat -
ing from company executives, while news is third-party 
information).
Looking at the distribution and frequency of information 
flow in Exhibit 2 , financial news is heavily biased toward 
large companies and coverage rises around earnings 
season. To correct for the large-company bias, metrics are 
aggregated at the company level and equally weighted to 
determine sector- and market-level trends (as opposed 
to weighting them by market capitalization or informa -
tion share). For example, the thousands of articles dis -
cussing ESG issues important to Tesla are all mapped 
to Tesla, whereas the small number of articles covering 
ESG issues for Newmont Corporation are mapped to the 
mining company. When those companies are rolled up into 
one group for analysis, their ESG issues roll up with equal 
emphasis, meaning the ESG trends revealed will not be 
biased toward the largest companies that generate the 
most news.
4Over 30 news analytics vendors are listed at the AlternativeData.org database of data providers: https://alternativedata.org/data-providers//
search,news .
5Earnings call transcripts are sold and distributed by a handful of large data vendors, such as FactSet, S&P Global, and Refinitiv. They are also 
publicly available at https://seekingalpha.com  and www.fool.com .
6www.bloomberg.com , www.wsj.com , www.reuters.com , www.barrons.com , www.nytimes.com , www.cnbc.com , www.marketwatch.com , 
www.ft.c om, https://finance.yahoo.com , https://apnews.com , www.cnn.com , www.foxnews.com , www.foxbusiness.com .Organizing the data: Entity mapping 
(the who)
Entity mapping is the process of connecting fragments of 
text (from sentences to full documents) to various entities 
(people, places, organizations, events, or specific product 
lines). Entity mapping answers the first important question: 
Who is this document or sentence about?
Mapping thousands of articles from multiple news out -
lets and earnings calls back to their entity (who) across 
thousands of companies is a challenging task, but the 
integrity of entity mapping drives the trustworthiness of 
subsequent insights. For example, references to “Meta,” 
“Facebook,” and “FB” need to map back to one entity, 
even though the references have changed over time. 
Other important questions arise in this process: Was the 
company mentioned in passing, or was it the focus of an 
in-depth, “long-read” article about the company? In addi -
tion to these details, online news outlets have different 
layouts, formats, advertisements, pop-ups, and other 
obstacles to systematically structuring text data for reliable 
downstream analysis.
Leveraging third-party technology
Although entity mapping is a daunting technical under -
taking, sourcing and structuring vast quantities of new 
information from the internet has never been easier. For 
example, financial data vendors offer a wide range of off-
the-shelf solutions, including structured, entity-mapped 
news feeds, so AI-driven insights are unencumbered by the 
difficulties of gathering and organizing data.
The example in Exhibit 3  illustrates the simplicity, effective -
ness, and scale of modern third-party solutions. Diffbot’s 
query language (DQL) allows its users to query the web like 
any other database.
Five simple lines of code generate over 1,000 news arti -
cles in machine-readable form (e.g., CSV or JSON), each 
containing the article’s text and title and the original article 
URL, augmented with rich metadata, such as the article’s 
sentiment and the people, places, and general topics being 
discussed. While this example illustrates a single query, 
this paper draws on thousands of such queries, codified to 
collect English news articles for companies in the Russell 
1000 Index, across 13 of the most popular financial news 
sources.6 Modern, NLP-driven application programming 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  73Exhibit 2. Information Flow by Company Size and Time of Year
News Articles Conference Call Transcripts1,400K
Largest 98 7 6 54 3 2 Smallest1,200K
1,000K
800K
600KNumber of
Sentences
Company Size400K
200K
0K
News Articles Conference Call TranscriptsWeek  1
Week 2
Week 3
Week 4
Week 5
Week 6
Week 7
Week 8
Week 9
Week 10
Week 11
Week 12
Week 13
Week 14
Week 15
Week 16
Week 17
Week 18
Week 19
Week 20
Week 21
Week 22
Week 23
Week 24
Week 25
Week 26
Week 27
Week 28
Week 29
Week 30
Week 31
Week 32
Week 33
Week 34
Week 35
Week 36
Week 37
Week 38
Week 39
Week 40
Week 41
Week 42
Week 43
Week 44
Week 45
Week 46
Week 47
Week 48
Week 49
Week 50
Week 51
Week 52Number of
Sentences
400K
300K
200K
100K
0K
Note:  Data are for 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2021.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
74  CFA Institute Research Foundationinterfaces (APIs) remove the barriers of collecting, cleaning, 
and structuring data, so the analyst can remain focused on 
investment insights.
A Robo-Analyst’s First Steps: Word 
Embeddings and Text-Based 
Analytics
Having defined the “who” with entity mapping, the next 
step is identifying “what” topics are being discussed in a 
document, paragraph, or sentence. Counting the frequency 
of specific words in a body of text is a simple way to start, 
but doing so necessitates determining all the possible 
words and combinations of words related to each topic. 
Determining synonyms by committee can be very time 
consuming and requires deep subject matter expertise. 
For example, research on terms related to “greenhouse gas” 
would include “GHG,” “chlorofluorocarbon,” “carbon emis -
sions,” individual greenhouse gases, such as “methane” 
and “carbon dioxide,” and so on.
To solve this problem of synonyms and tangentially related 
terms, word embeddings, a foundational NLP concept, 
can find relevant keywords associated with a given topic. 
Once trained on a corpus of text, word-embedding models 
can generate a family of semantically similar phrases for 
any given seed word (the technical name for the word the 
researcher inputs to find related terms). With these topic 
definitions, commonly referred to as “dictionaries,” the 
researcher can begin to comb volumes of text in a compre -
hensive, consistent, and scalable manner.
7This process is motivated by the creative work of Li, Mai, Shen, and Yan (2020) and Wu (2021).
8Seed words were manually extracted from issue-level descriptions available at the SASB’s “Materiality Finder” website: www.sasb.org/standards/
materiality-finder/?lang=en-us .
9TF–IDF is a numerical statistic that is intended to reflect how important a word is to a document in a collection or corpus. The TF–IDF value 
increases proportionally with the number of times a word appears in the document and is offset by the number of documents in the corpus that 
contain the word, which helps adjust for the fact that some words appear more frequently in general.Process overview: Identifying ESG topics 
in text
The process for connecting specific topics to companies 
follows the sequence below (see Exhibit 4 ), which was 
informed by research from the academic community and 
investment managers:7
1. Train a word2vec (word-embedding) model on 
earnings call transcripts and news articles.
2. Feed the model a small set of seed words for which 
the researcher is seeking synonyms and related 
words. The Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB), a pioneer in determining ESG stan -
dards, has defined 26 ESG categories.8 This study 
uses roughly two- to three-word summaries for 
each of the 26 categories as seed phrases for 
the word-embedding model, which then created 
26 phrase lists (dictionaries), resulting in approxi -
mately 2,500 phrases across all dictionaries.
3. Match words in the ESG category–specific dictionaries 
with instances of those phrases in the corpus (news 
articles and earnings calls).
4. Finally, the number of matches with terms in the 
dictionary needs to be rolled up to numerically define 
the original seed word. To do so, the researcher calcu -
lates the weighted sum of the phrase frequencies for 
each SASB issue. The weights are a combination of the 
term frequency–inverse document frequency (TF–IDF)9 
of a given phrase multiplied by its similarity to the 
seed phrase.Exhibit 3. Example Usage of Diffbot Query Language
Plain English
RequestI want to see every news article about Nike or Adidas, written in English,  
published by Reuters, Yahoo! Finance, or Bloomberg,  
and published between the years of 2016 and 2021. 
Diffbot
Query
Language
(DQL)type:Article
OR(tags.uri: "EnpdllhyQM-SckYV3z0i1Dw",tags.uri:"EikhmjkE8MlSihDC4RKNRWg")
language:"en"
OR(pageUrl:"reuters.com",pageUrl:"finance.yahoo.com",pageUrl:"bloomberg.com")
date>="2016-01-31" date<="2021-12-31"

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  75This dataset now has a variety of use cases, including eval -
uating market trends and shifts in materiality for a given 
sector and monitoring company-specific news across a 
large swath of ESG issues. Also, the process itself is fully 
customizable to any set of seed words, allowing industry 
practitioners to update or adjust the original SASB taxon -
omy or create an entirely new taxonomy based on custom -
ized organizing principles.ESG word embeddings
In 1957, a leading English linguist named John Rupert Firth 
(1957) noted that “you shall know a word by the company it 
keeps.” Firth’s prescient words have stood the test of time; 
neural networks can derive meaning by piecing together 
relationships between various combinations of different 
words in multiple contexts.Exhibit 4. Process Diagram: Applying Word-Embeddings to ESG
Training Corpus
CALLS
NEWS12SASB ESG Seed Definitions
Human Capital
Definitions sourced from:
https://www.sasb.org/standards/materiality-finde rSocial CapitalLeadership & GovernanceEnvironmentalBusiness Model & InnovationWord2Vec Embeddings
Auto-Generated SASB ESG Dictionary (∼2,500 phrases)
4. Aggregation
weighted-sum of tf-idf * similarity to seed word
ESG Text AnalyticsBusiness Model
& Innovation
supply chain, material
inputs, recycled
material, transportation
costs, product life cycle,
product packaging,
weather event, natural
disaster, wildfire,
climate risk …executive leadership,
accountability, ethical
standards, regulatory
environment, lobbying,
systemic risk, anti-
competitive behavior,
monopoly …Leadership
& Governance
local community,
community impact,
addiction, mental
health, defect, recall,
safety concern, user
privacy, data security,
fraud protection,
affordability …Social Capital
working conditions,
labor practices, fair
wages, hiring practice,
workplace safety,
workplace environment,
diverse workforce,
equity and inclusion …Human Capital
greenhouse gas,
carbon emission,
hazardous waste,
waste water, energy
consumption,
renewable energy,
biodiversity, habitat
loss, air pollution … Environmental
3. Full Text Search
of Russell 1000 for all ESG phrases
AAPL NKE MSFT XOM

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
76  CFA Institute Research FoundationIn word-embedding models, each word is represented 
by a numeric vector based on the usage of words and 
their co-occurrences over a large set of documents. As 
such, words used in similar ways are captured as having 
similar representations and meanings. For example, if 
the words that surround “carbon” are often related to 
the words that surround “emissions,” the geometric dis -
tance between these word vectors will be small, inferring 
that “carbon” is closely related to “emissions.” At the 
other extreme, if the context surrounding “carbon” is 
quite different from the context surrounding “hiring,” the 
vector distance is large and the concepts are considered 
less related.
Training word2vec on earnings calls 
and news
This study applied one of the most popular word-embed -
ding algorithms, word2vec, invented by Tomas Mikolov 
and his team at Google in 2013. A decade in technology 
years might as well be a century in calendar years, yet 
10See Wikipedia’s article on word2vec: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Word2vec.
11Gensim is an open-source library for unsupervised topic modeling, document indexing, retrieval by similarity, and other NLP functionalities.
12t-Distributed stochastic neighbor embedding ( t-SNE) is a method for visualizing high-dimensional data by giving each datapoint a location 
in a two- or three-dimensional map and doing so in such a way that similar objects are modeled by nearby points and dissimilar ones by 
distant points.word2vec’s simplicity and effectiveness are still useful to 
researchers 10 years later.
The ESG word2vec model was trained on the earnings call 
and news data. Training a word2vec model can be done via 
a variety of open-source programming languages,10 includ -
ing Python, R, C, C#, and Java/Scala. The implementation 
presented here was carried out by using Python (the most 
popular language for implementing machine learning and 
NLP algorithms) within the topic-modeling library Gensim.11
The ecosystem of ESG topics, issues, 
and words
A common technique for visualizing and exploring sim -
ilarities of words in a word2vec model is t-SNE,12 which 
collapses multidimensional word vectors down to two 
dimensions. This approach reasonably maintains the 
relationships between words, while making the dataset 
neatly viewable in a two-dimensional scatterplot. Exhibit 5  
illustrates where each of the most prominent SASB words 
appear relative to each other.
Exhibit 5. The ESG Ecosystem: t-SNE Visualization of ESG Word-Embeddings
diversity inclusion
policy practiceworkplace Human Capital
Social
Capital
Environment
Business
Model &
Innovationworkplace condition datum privacysafety
mental health
pollution
consumption water
conserve water
air water
material availability
sourcing
value chain
transportation labor
packaging material
global supply
logistic
electronic componentmaterial shortage
resinmanufacturingwater reusewater usage
energy wasteenergy wasteemission
emission wastemethane emission
greenhouse emissionair emission
safety oversight
Governancesafety soundnessoversight
legal compliance
regulation supervisionpublic safety
privacysecurity privacyprivacy security
awarenessgovernment oversight
regulatory oversight
regulatory
regulationlegal regulatorycompliance programsafe workplacehiring practice
workplace diversity
workplace cultureequitable inclusive
inclusive culture
safety cultureinclusive workplace

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  77The output in Exhibit 5 demonstrates intuitive relationships 
between SASB’s five major ESG topics. For example, human 
capital and social capital are displayed near one another, 
meaning their underlying word embeddings often share 
similar contexts and themes within the financial corpus. 
Similarly, governance has overlapping language with social 
and human capital. Looking at the subtopics in black font, 
some governance issues, such as “safety,” tend to relate to 
employees, customers, and public perceptions, but terms 
tied to industry standards, such as “regulation” and “over -
sight,” are more distant from human and social capital.
Even a less experienced ESG analyst could replicate the 
overlap and interrelationships of ESG terminology in an 
approximately similar way. However, in this example, a 
machine with no prior information learned these relation -
ships in about two hours of computation time. This trained 
word-embedding model is repeatable and consistent and 
provides a foundation for unleashing endlessly scalable 
“machine knowledge” onto a wide variety of contexts and 
information sources.
Text-based investment insights
The word embeddings illustrated in Exhibit 5 provide an 
intuitive map of individual words to ESG. These terms, 
which are collected into dictionaries for each ESG theme, 
are then detected and tabulated across millions of news 
articles and earnings calls. ESG themes (the “what”) can 
now be tied to individual companies (the “who”). The output of this process can be considered a metric for the ESG con -
cept of materiality, which measures the significance of a 
given ESG topic to a sector or company.
Guided by large teams of sustainability experts, materiality 
mapping is primarily qualitative and relatively static in 
standardized ESG frameworks. By contrast, the text-based 
model in this study systematically and dynamically connects 
companies to their most relevant ESG issues over time. This 
is particularly relevant for keeping up with shifts in corporate 
strategy. For example, Amazon’s ESG materiality evolved as 
the company transitioned from selling books online to cloud 
computing, food distribution, and health care. Mergers and 
acquisitions can also abruptly shift materiality.
These dynamic, company-level ESG exposures can then be 
rolled up and applied to a variety of investment use cases, 
including evaluating market trends, identifying shifts in 
materiality for a given sector, creating thematic baskets of 
stocks focused on certain ESG issues, and monitoring com -
pany-specific news across a large swath of ESG risks and 
opportunities.
Trend analysis
Applying this framework at the highest level, Exhibit 6  
illustrates what mattered most in ESG for the Russell 1000 
from 2019 to 2022, highlighting ESG issues that created 
the most chatter in the financial press and company 
earnings calls.
Exhibit 6. Trend Analysis of ESG Issues
300%
Human Rights and Community RelationsEmployee Health and SafetySupply Chain
GHG Emissions
Labor Practices
Employee Engagement Inclusion and DiversitySystemic Risk Management828% in 2020Q2
250%
150%
50%
–50%
2019Q1 2019Q2 2019Q3 2019Q4 2020Q1 2020Q2 2020Q3 2020Q42021Q1 2022Q1 2021Q2 2021Q3 2021Q40%100%200%

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
78  CFA Institute Research FoundationInterpreting the output in Exhibit 6, employee health con -
cerns immediately spiked at the onset of the pandemic, 
well ahead of the imposition of public health restrictions in 
early 2020 (AJMC 2021). Shortly thereafter, systemic risk 
management rose in frequency. Thereafter, the NLP-based 
materiality measure detected widespread supply chain 
issues due to abrupt shifts in supply and demand. Exhibit 6 
also shows a 50% increase in references to labor practices 
in 2021. This increase was later confirmed by the National 
Labor Relations Board (NLRB), which reported a 58% 
increase in the number of union representation petitions 
over that same year (NLRB 2022). With no a priori knowl -
edge beyond basic seed words, this aggregate market per -
spective of ESG topics detected several significant market 
drivers in real time, unlike traditional ESG reporting outlets.
Dynamic materiality
Company-level ESG mappings can be rolled up for sector 
analysis in much the same way that company valuations, 
such as the price-to-earnings ratio (P/E), can be rolled 
up into sector valuations. In other words, this machine-
driven process yields a materiality map ( Exhibit 7 ) that is 
dynamic, consistent, and customizable, which connects 
sectors to their most prominent ESG issues over time.The NLP process generated an intuitive and compelling 
materiality map. Among other insights, environmental 
topics are mapped to energy-intensive sectors, such as 
energy, materials, and utilities, while consumer-facing 
industries (staples and discretionary) are mapped to 
human and social capital.
Company-level alerts and profiles
The same NLP framework allows analysts to build ESG 
profiles for individual companies to identify, highlight, and 
monitor the most relevant company-specific ESG trends.
In Exhibit 8 , the bars represent the aggregate frequency 
of a given ESG issue across thousands of news articles, 
broken out by year. This dashboard is intended to high -
light company trends. If overlayed with a user interface, 
analysts could click on each individual bar to investigate 
specific statements from the underlying news articles 
and earnings calls.
As Exhibit 6 showed, labor issues are rising from an 
aggregate market-level perspective and tied closely 
to consumer-facing sectors via materiality mapping 
(Exhibit 7). Connecting those big-picture themes to the 
Exhibit 7. Text-Based ESG Materiality Map
Most Material 2nd Most 3rd Most 4th Most 5th Most
Energy GHG Emissions 
(ENV)Air Quality (ENV) Water & 
Wastewater Mgmt. 
(ENV)Ecological Impacts 
(ENV)Critical Incident 
Risk Mgmt. (GOV)
Materials Material Sourcing 
& Efficiency 
(BM&I)Product Design and 
Life-Cycle Mgmt. 
(BM&I)Water & 
Wastewater Mgmt. 
(ENV)Air Quality (ENV) Supply Chain 
(BM&I)
Industrials Labor Practices 
(HC)Waste & Hazardous 
Materials Mgmt. 
(ENV)Material Sourcing 
& Efficiency 
(BM&I)Air Quality (ENV) Supply Chain 
(BM&I)
Utilities Energy 
Management 
(ENV)GHG Emissions 
(ENV)Physical Impacts 
of Climate Change 
(BM&I)Mgmt. of Legal and 
Regulatory Env. 
(BM&I)Air Quality (ENV)
Real Estate Ecological 
Impacts (ENV)Business Ethics 
(GOV)Access & 
Affordability (SOC)Labor Practices 
(HC)Systemic Risk 
Mgmt. (GOV)
Financials Systemic Risk 
Mgmt. (GOV)Critical Incident 
Risk Mgmt. (GOV)Mgmt. of Legal 
and Regulatory 
Env. (GOV)Physical Impacts 
of Climate Change 
(BM&I)Business Ethics 
(GOV)
Consumer 
StaplesLabor Practices 
(HC)Supply Chain 
(BM&I)Material Sourcing 
& Efficiency 
(BM&I)Ecological Impacts 
(ENV)Product Design & 
Life-Cycle Mgmt. 
(BM&I)
(continued )

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  79Most Material 2nd Most 3rd Most 4th Most 5th Most
Consumer 
DiscretionaryAccess & 
Affordability 
(SOC)Labor Practices 
(HC)Supply Chain 
(BM&I)Employee Health & 
Safety (HC)Selling Practices 
& Product 
Labeling (SOC)
Information 
TechnologyData Security 
(SOC)Customer Privacy 
(SOC)Supply Chain 
(BM&I)Selling Practices & 
Product Labeling 
(SOC)Product Design & 
Life-Cycle Mgmt. 
(BM&I)
Communication Customer Privacy 
(SOC)Competitive 
Behavior (BM&I)Human Rights 
& Community 
Relations (SOC)Employee 
Engagement 
Inclusion & 
Diversity (HC)Selling Practices 
& Product 
Labeling (SOC)
Health Care Product Quality & 
Safety (SOC)Customer Welfare 
(SOC)Selling Practices & 
Product Labeling 
(SOC)Access & 
Affordability (SOC)Competitive 
Behavior (GOV)
Note:  The SASB legend is environmental = (ENV), leadership & governance = (GOV), business model & innovation = (BM&I), human capital = (HC), 
and social capital = (SOC).Exhibit 7. Text-Based ESG Materiality Map ( continued )
Exhibit 8. Company-Level ESG Profiles: McDonalds vs. Starbucks
Social Capital
Issues
Human Capital
IssuesCustomer WelfareMcDonald’s
Increasing
labor issuesUnionization
newsStarbucks
Ticker/DateProduct Quality
and Safety
Employee Engagement,
Inclusion, and Diversity
Labor Practices
Business Model
& InnovationSupply Chain
2019 2020 2021 2022 2019 2020 2021 2022

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
80  CFA Institute Research Foundationcompany level, two of the largest public-facing brands in 
the world, Starbucks and McDonald’s, can be scrutinized 
along a handful of their most material ESG issues.13
Starbucks’ labor practices received additional attention at 
the onset of COVID-19 when many companies faced staff 
shortages and wage pressure. Exhibit 8 indicates that labor 
issues were already brewing in 2020, culminating in the 
announcement of a large minimum wage increase in 2021 
and a coordinated push for unionization in May 2022. By 
contrast, McDonald’s faced less scrutiny on labor practices; 
however, supply chain durability issues, another hidden 
risk that arose from the economic disruption of COVID-19 
(Exhibit 6), appeared to generate more attention given the 
company’s supply chain challenges in 2022.
Training Techniques: 
Language Models and 
NLP Tasks
The process described in the subsection titled “Process 
overview: Identifying ESG topics in text” dynamically and 
systematically captures fast-moving, real-time shifts in ESG 
events at the market, sector, and company levels. For best 
results, however, the underlying word-embedding model 
needs to be monitored and periodically retrained to capture 
broader shifts in the English language. This section pro -
vides real-world examples highlighting this point, while also 
clarifying key differences between domain-specific training 
(e.g., word embeddings derived from financial text) and 
task-specific training (topic classification of ESG issues). 
This distinction helps frame more advanced NLP models 
discussed in subsequent sections of this chapter.
13Starbucks’ material issues can be found at the SASB’s Materiality Finder webpage: www.sasb.org/standards/materiality-finder/find/?  
company[]=US8552441094&lang=en-us . Those for McDonald’s can be found at www.sasb.org/standards/materiality-finder/find/?  
company[]=US5801351017&lang=en-us .Retraining Models for the Changing 
Linguistic and Cultural Landscape
As the world changes, so too do the words used to 
describe it. Word-embedding models learn from the 
language they are trained on. Therefore, as the language 
shifts, models trained on older versions of text will lose 
efficacy when applied to current issues.
Language shifts can be illustrated by analyzing the topic 
of “telecommuting” across similar word-embedding models 
that were trained at different times. Telecommuting, an 
SASB Human Capital topic focusing on workplace standards 
and employee well-being, underwent a monumental cul -
tural shift during the pandemic. Exhibit 9  compares how 
three word-embedding models—Google (created in 2013), 
Facebook (created in 2017), and the custom model built for 
this paper (in 2022)—determine which phrases are most 
closely related to “telecommuting.”
Looking closer at the actual terms related to telecom -
muting, the older models from Google and Meta reflect a 
different lexicon with more emphasis on ways to maximize 
office time and minimize commuting time, whereas this 
study’s model, which is trained on language from the last 
few years, relates telecommuting to only remote-work 
concepts and picks up the pandemic-driven paradigm shift 
toward working from home. While pretrained, open-source 
models are effective for exploring new ideas and deploy -
ing minimally viable products, outdated language models, 
no matter how accurate at the time of training, will fail to 
identify significant shifts in meaning.
Exhibit 9. Top 5 Phrases Most Similar to “Telecommuting”
Source Google Meta This Study
Year 2013 2017 2022
Model word2vec-google-news-300 fasttext-wiki-news-subwords-300 word2vec-newscalls-cfa
1 Teleworking Teleworking Remote work
2 Flextime Commuting Work from home
3 Compressed workweeks Flextime Teleworking
4 Flextime schedules Job sharing Shift to remote
5 Carpooling Work at home Work remotely

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  81Domain-Specific Training versus  
Task-Specific Training
There are two key steps for training a model to accomplish 
a specific NLP task. First, it needs to learn the language 
of a specific domain (financial text). Second, it needs to 
apply that learned knowledge to accomplish a specific 
task (identify what a sentence is about or how a topic is 
described).
In the subsection titled “Process overview: Identifying ESG 
topics in text,” the word-embedding model (word2vec) 
trained itself on text from financial news and earnings calls, 
allowing it to better understand language in the financial 
domain. This training step was an example of unsupervised 
learning, meaning the algorithm learned patterns and asso -
ciations directly from the text by itself without any need for 
human input.
Even if a model understands the language of a given domain, 
it still needs the requisite knowledge to solve specific tasks. 
The next step in the process—creating dictionaries from seed 
words—was an example of semi-supervised learning because 
the human researcher defined seed words to describe SASB’s 
ESG categories that the machine then used to create phrase 
dictionaries of synonyms and related words, which were 
used to find topic matches in financial articles and earnings 
calls. While lacking sophisticated machine knowledge, this 
semi-supervised approach is perfect for effectively and effi -
ciently exploring any theme (ESG or otherwise).
For more narrowly defined classification tasks, researchers 
often apply supervised learning, which requires humans 
to manually label many thousands of sentences with pre -
defined classes, or categories. The machine then learns 
from these labels, detecting underlying patterns and rela -
tionships, and applies that knowledge to classify entirely 
new sentences that it has never seen before. While super -
vised learning is more time consuming and labor intensive, 
classification outputs tend to be more targeted and precise 
than unsupervised models with no human input.
The next two sections—a case study from Robeco and a 
section on sentiment classification with large language 
models—illustrate how this two-step process can be applied 
to real-world ESG problems: first by establishing requisite 
domain-specific knowledge via unsupervised learning and 
then by applying supervised learning to solve specific classi -
fication tasks learned from the intelligence of human labels.
NLP at Robeco: An Industry 
Case Study
Mike Chen and the Alternative Alpha Research Team at 
Robeco authored the research discussed in this section, 
which demonstrates the power of word embeddings and machine learning (ML) for NLP tasks, weaving the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) into 
ESG analysis.
NLP can be used for sustainability and alpha purposes, 
such as detecting employee sentiment from comments 
in online forums or determining traits of corporate culture 
emphasized by senior management. In this example, Chen, 
Mussalli, Amel-Zadeh, and Weinberg (2022) demonstrate 
how NLP can be used to measure corporate alignment with 
the 17 SDGs.
In recent years, the SDGs have emerged as a framework 
that impact-minded investors can use to align their invest -
ment portfolios with sustainability. The SDGs are defined 
qualitatively, which raises questions as to how company 
products and operations can be quantitatively measured 
in alignment with each of the goals. NLP is one way to 
translate qualitative descriptions into quantitative scores. 
Chen et al. (2022) described a combination NLP and ML 
framework to do so, illustrated in Exhibit 10 .
In this framework, the authors outline a two-step approach 
whereby the initial inputs into the NLP model are various 
company CSR reports. These are vectorized in Step 1 via 
word embedding, which allows the model to understand 
individual words and the context in which the words appear, 
thereby obtaining deeper insight into the written text.
In Step 2, the output vectors are passed into the ML por -
tion of the framework, which has been fed labels showing 
company alignment with the specific SDGs. The vectors, 
in conjunction with the SDG alignment labels, allow ML to 
ascertain how vectorized descriptions of business models 
and products map to the various SDGs (an example of 
supervised learning). This two-step framework provides 
significant flexibility, because each component (the 
corpus, the labeling inputs, and the NLP and ML algorithms) 
can be substituted as newer technologies are developed 
and better or more appropriate corpus or alignment data 
become available.
A key challenge when classifying SDG alignment using ML 
is that few companies are aligned with any given SDG. This 
data imbalance can present a problem for ML algorithms 
because the naive approach of classifying all samples to 
the majority case (in our example, the majority case is non -
alignment to any SDG) can result in reasonably high accu -
racy. To address this issue, the authors used the synthetic 
minority oversampling technique (SMOTE) to artificially 
create training samples to allow the ML algorithm to learn 
on a balanced training set.
Since the data sample is imbalanced, the authors also used 
recall, precision, and F1 score to measure and compare 
the performance of various permutations of the NLP–ML 
framework. The authors found the best results are achieved 
using a combination of the doc2vec embedding technique 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
82  CFA Institute Research Foundationfor the NLP portion and support vector machine (SVM) for 
the ML part of the framework. The results obtained are 
shown in Exhibit 11 . Under this combination, the F1 scores 
for alignment to the various SDGs range from a low of 69% 
to a high of 83%.This case study demonstrates how NLP and ML can be 
combined to improve the investment decision-making 
process while maintaining alignment with clients’ unique 
sustainability interests.
Exhibit 10. NLP–ML Framework Used to Assess a Company’s Alignment  
with UN SDGs
CSR Corpus
SDG Alignment
PredictionLabeling of Company’s
Alignment with SDG
a. word2vec + Lasso Regression 
b. word2vec + Embedding Model
c. doc2vec + Embedding ModelFEATURE ENGINEERING
NLP Part1
a. Logistic Regression 
b. Fully-Connected Neural Network
c. Support Vector MachineCLASSIFICATION
Machine Learning Part2
Exhibit 11. Classifier Accuracy Measures
Balanced Test Acc. F1 Score Recall Precision
SDG1 0.87 0.70 0.81 0.62
SDG2 0.83 0.70 0.67 0.73
SDG3 0.79 0.80 0.74 0.86
SDG4 0.65 0.73 0.61 0.90
SDG5 0.67 0.76 0.66 0.89
SDG6 0.79 0.78 0.83 0.74
SDG7 0.78 0.79 0.76 0.82
SDG8 0.76 0.76 0.66 0.89
SDG9 0.81 0.81 0.83 0.79
SDG10 0.64 0.72 0.67 0.78
SDG11 0.88 0.73 0.82 0.66
SDG12 0.77 0.83 0.76 0.90
SDG13 0.79 0.77 0.67 0.92
SDG14 0.86 0.81 0.78 0.85
SDG15 0.76 0.79 0.71 0.89
SDG16 0.87 0.69 0.84 0.59

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  83Context Is King: Large 
Language Models and 
Sentiment Analysis
Having covered “who” is being discussed (entity mapping) 
and “what” (insights from matching words in the corpus 
with automatically generated ESG dictionaries), the next 
step addresses “how” a given topic is discussed in the text. 
The company-specific dashboard in Exhibit 8 highlighted 
how often company-specific ESG issues were mentioned in 
the news for McDonald’s and Starbucks. While helpful, the 
tone of the articles was absent from that analysis. Were 
events and topics recounted in a positive or negative light? 
Is the company doing better or worse on a specific ESG 
topic? Sentiment analysis offers answers to these ques -
tions by measuring the magnitude of an ESG event, as well 
as the tone and shifts in tone over time.
Beyond Word Embeddings
While word2vec models serve a wide variety of applica -
tions, they have a critical limitation: context awareness. 
In word2vec, each word is represented by a single vector, 
resulting in a single meaning. For example, the following 
two sentences use the word “freeze” in different contexts 
that change the underlying meaning:
• With demand slowing, the firm is undergoing a hiring 
freeze .
• An unseasonable mid-spring freeze  impaired the 
coffee harvest.
Using a word2vec-based approach, the word “freeze” will 
maintain the same vector representation despite the obvi -
ous differences in context. The model’s inability to capture 
these differences in meaning will have a negative impact 
on the accuracy of downstream classification tasks.
14Before BERT, a number of models improved accuracy across a battery of language tasks, including sentiment analysis. A few notable models 
include GloVe (in 2013), fastText (in 2016), CoVe (in 2017), ULMFiT (in 2018), ELMo (in 2018), and GPT-1 (in 2018).BERT and the leap from words to sentences
In 2018, the AI language team at Google created 
Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers 
(BERT), which was a clear inflection point in NLP. The large 
language model (LLM), which learned much of the nuanced 
meaning of the English language from Wikipedia (approxi -
mately 2.5 billion words) and Google’s Book Corpus (approx -
imately 800 million words), vastly improved the accuracy of 
NLP models by enhancing contextualization.14
LLMs, such as BERT, allow for multiple representations of each 
word, depending on the other words in a sentence and the 
order in which they appear. Operating on sentences as inputs 
instead of individual words or phrases, these new models 
brought machines one step closer to understanding text in a 
nuanced, human-like way (see, for example, Exhibit 12 ).
Portable intelligence with transfer learning
A massive dataset of 3.3 billion words contributed to BERT’s 
vast knowledge of the English language, but this immense 
scale also limited its adoption beyond an exclusive set 
of AI superlabs with enormous computational resources. 
Retraining LLMs for every new task was impractical, expen -
sive, and completely out of reach for everyone else.
Around the same time, practitioners began combining LLMs 
with transfer learning, a complex mathematical technique 
that enables the vast knowledge inherent in such models 
to be transferred to a new classification task. With this new 
ML architecture, a general purpose model, such as BERT, 
could be pretrained, packaged, and reused as a starting 
point for fine-tuning domain-specific tasks, such as sen -
timent classification of financial text. This advancement 
allowed research teams of all sizes to inherit and apply 
existing knowledge, ultimately leading to rapid innovation.
Exhibit 12. Limitations of Word-Matching in Sentiment Analysis
Sentiment via Word Matching Actual Sentiment
“As far as we can tell, the company has yet to make any  
progress  in this direction.”Positive Negative
“In total, a lower nickel price eases some of our concerns  
about ATI and its metal (stainless/nickel alloys) exposures.”Negative Positive

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
84  CFA Institute Research FoundationAdditionally, the training of LLMs requires roughly five times 
the carbon emissions compared with owning a car in the 
United States for one person’s entire lifetime (Hao 2019). 
Transfer learning architecture boasts an improved environ -
mental footprint by reducing the energy usage necessary 
for applying LLMs15 (see Exhibit 13 ).
Democratizing NLP: Hugging Face 
transformers, PyTorch, and TensorFlow
Open source is the final ingredient necessary for the broad 
application of NLP. Hugging Face is at the forefront of an 
increasingly democratized NLP movement with its intu -
itively designed API that abstracts powerful deep learn -
ing libraries, such as PyTorch and TensorFlow,16 thereby 
streamlining and simplifying ML workflows. The Hugging 
Face Hub, also known as “the GitHub of machine learn -
ing,” allows its community members (from hobbyists to AI 
superlabs) to share their work with the world, hosting over 
50,000 models, 5,000 datasets, and 5,000 demos.
Combining Topic and Tone
The three advancements described in the prior sub -
sections (large language models, transfer learning, and 
Hugging Face transformers) can now be directly leveraged 
to create more nuanced ESG models that understand 
both the topic being discussed (the “what”) and the tone 
(the “how”).
15See Hugging Face’s “How Do Transformers Work?” webpage at https://huggingface.co/course/chapter1/4 .
16PyTorch and TensorFlow are free open-source ML and AI frameworks used most often for applications in NLP and computer vision. PyTorch was 
developed by Meta AI, and TensorFlow by Google.
17See the models’ webpages at, respectively, https://huggingface.co/yiyanghkust/finbert-esg  and https://huggingface.co/yiyanghkust/
finbert-tone .The next step of this study builds on work from research -
ers at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 
(HKUST), who pre-trained the original BERT model on finan -
cial text using 10Ks and 10Qs (2.5 billion tokens), earnings 
calls (1.3 billion tokens), and analyst reports (1.1 billion 
tokens; Huang, Wang, and Yang, forthcoming). In other 
words, via Hugging Face’s implementation of transformers, 
they were able to refine BERT (trained to the English lan -
guage) to understand relevant financial language.
Huang et al. (forthcoming) also share two fine-tuned 
(task-specific) models: FinBERT-ESG and FinBERT-tone.17 
Both models were trained using supervised learning, with 
researchers manually labeling thousands of statements as 
“E,” “S,” or “G,” (for FinBERT-ESG) and “positive,” “negative,” 
or “neutral” (for FinBERT-tone). This entire process, detailed 
in Exhibit 14 , offers researchers an expedient way to com -
bine topics with tone. Note, however, that while borrowing 
models is great for exploratory analysis, experimentation, 
and illustrative guides, for production, it is imperative to 
fully evaluate the labels and test overall efficacy for a 
specific NLP task.
Company-level alerting
To combine topic and tone, this study parses every sen -
tence in the news dataset using the FinBERT-ESG classifier 
of Huang et al. for each sentence (E, S, G, or none) and 
then analyzes the same sentence using the FinBERT-tone 
classifier (positive, negative, or neutral). By aggregating the 
Exhibit 13. Common Carbon Footprint Benchmarks (in pounds of CO2 
equivalent)
1,984
11,023
36,156
126,000
0K 200K 400K
Ibs of CO2 equivalent600K 800K626,155Roundtrip flight b/w NY and SF (1 passenger)
Human life (avg. 1 year)
American life (avg. 1 year)
US car including fuel (avg. 1 lifetime)
Transformer (213M parameters) w/
neural architecture search
Sources:  Hao (2019); data are from Strubell, Ganesh, and McCallum (2019).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  85outputs of these two classifiers for each company, shifts 
in tone from 2021 to 2022 for a given ESG topic are visible, 
thereby offering a real-time system for detecting rising ESG 
risk for all the companies in a given equity universe.
Exhibit 15  displays the sentiment shift relating to envi -
ronmental practices for individual companies. Companies 
in the upper-left corner represent sharply deteriorating 
sentiment from 2021 to 2022, which indicates rising risk 
related to perceptions about their environmental steward -
ship. In this example, NextEra Energy (NEE), PepsiCo (PEP), 
Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT), and Uber (UBER) all 
received increasingly negative attention across a swath of 
environmental issues.
Deeper analysis into this methodology reveals the challenges 
of desensitizing models to pervasive events, such as severe 
market crashes, pandemics, and wars, because economic 
shocks can add noise and false positives to the results. For 
example, Uber’s negative news was related to the increased 
cost of gas and its effect on the bottom line for its ridesharing 
services, which was only tangentially related to environmen -
tal practices, whereas the other companies received more 
scrutiny that directly targeted their environmental practices.
Applications in investment management
The following list provides examples of how this technology 
is being applied in investment management.
18For more information, go to www.alexandriatechnology.com/esg  (Alexandria Technology); www.reprisk.com/  (RepRisk); and https://developer.
truvaluelabs.com/catalog  (Truvalue).1. Interactive dashboards:  Analysts tracking specific 
companies can create continually refreshed dash -
boards (as illustrated in Exhibit 15) and click on dots 
that link directly to relevant reports for further analysis.
2. Risk alerts:  Risk alerting is a more automated and 
comprehensive approach to informing portfolio man -
agement decisions in real time by setting thresh -
olds that send notifications to teams or combining 
real-time alerts with other measures, such as the 
application of an exclusionary stock screen.
3. Quantitative analysis:  While the focus of this study is 
SASB-defined ESG issues, this framework is fully cus -
tomizable to any company dimension (company cul -
ture scores, exposures to world events, etc.) covered 
in public data sources. Text-based signals are used 
across the industry as differentiating sources of alpha 
and for event-based risk control. This type of anal -
ysis is available in third-party applications, such as 
Alexandria Technologies, RavenPack (2022), RepRisk, 
and Truvalue, among many others.18
ESG Success: It Depends 
on Who You Ask
Comparing differences in tone between companies’ earn -
ings calls and their coverage in the financial press reveals 
notable if unsurprising results: Companies’ descriptions Exhibit 14. Process Diagram: Classifying ESG Topic and Tone with BERT
1. Domain-Specific Training
2. Task-Specific Training
ResearchersSentiment
Classification
Labels
ESG
Classification
LabelsBERT Language Model
By Google
PretrainingPretrained FinBERT
Language Model
Optimized for
Financial Text
Fine-Tuned FinBERT
Sentiment ClassifierHugging Face Hub
Open Access
to All
Fine-Tuned FinBERT
ESG Classifier10Ks/Qs
+ Calls
+ Analyst Reports
WWW

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
86  CFA Institute Research Foundationof their ESG performance tend to be far more glowing than 
how the news characterizes their performance.
Exhibit 16  shows that management is far more likely to 
speak positively about the big three ESG categories than 
about non-ESG issues. The “exaggeration” or “spin” is most 
pronounced when management is discussing governance 
issues. Specifically, management’s tone is nearly three 
times more positive  when talking about governance 
(9.5 positive-to-negative ratio) than when discussing non-
ESG issues (3.8 positive-to-negative ratio). News coverage 
offers the opposite perspective with similar magnitude: 
Governance issues are discussed three times more neg -
atively  compared to statements about non-ESG issues 
(0.5 versus 1.3, respectively).
Drawing Inference: Zero-
Shot Classification and 
Greenwashing
Sugar coating company performance in earnings calls 
is a well-known phenomenon to fundamental analysts 
and quants alike. A case study titled “Dissecting Earnings 
Conference Calls with AI and Big Data: American Century” 
in the report “AI Pioneers in Investment Management” (CFA Institute 2019, pp. 26–27) empirically demonstrates that 
NLP can identify signs of management spin, manipulation, 
and even obfuscation in earnings calls. In the context of ESG, 
there’s a specific term for this phenomenon: greenwashing.
Greenwashing is an increasingly important topic in the 
investment community and society at large. It describes 
the activity of misleading the public about an entity’s com -
mitment and performance with respect to ESG topics. In 
fact, the negative implications of greenwashing might be 
the only common ground that exists between ESG invest -
ing’s advocates and its skeptics. While most standardized 
ESG frameworks include more broadly defined issues, such 
as selling practices and product labeling, the narrow topic 
of greenwashing has yet to be explicitly measured, which 
presents an exciting opportunity to use NLP to supplement 
standardized ESG frameworks with metrics for greenwash -
ing risk. Greenwashing increasingly carries heightened 
reputational and legal risk, so identifying early signals of 
this concept has substantial economic value.
Designing a Greenwashing 
Classifier
The goal of this section is to provide simple and effective 
techniques to identify sentences that contain content Exhibit 15. Text-Based ESG Alerting
1.0
0.7
0.6
0.5
0.4
0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 0.6 0.7 0.8
Level of Negative Sentiment in 2021Level of Negative Sentiment in 2022NEEElevated Environmental Risk
Reduced Environmental RiskKOUBER
LMT
0.30.80.9
0.2

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  87related to greenwashing. A word search–based process—
one that simply looks for the word “greenwashing” in text—is 
a reasonable place to start and would suffice for many use 
cases. But the model can be further refined with techniques 
that can classify sentences that are about greenwashing 
without explicit mention of the term in the text.
In this study, sentences flagged for greenwashing 
simply indicate that the content of a sentence is about 
greenwashing. This does not indicate that the company 
in question is greenwashing. Like the risk-alerting appli -
cations presented previously, classification techniques 
provide critical first steps for dynamically and system -
atically tracking high-stakes ESG issues in tandem with 
analyst oversight.
When a word has no synonyms
Eskimos have 50 words for “snow” because thriving over 
millennia in the frigid climate required a nuanced under -
standing of snow. By contrast, the ESG ecosystem that 
investors inhabit is so new that there is only one word that 
is typically used to describe greenwashing.
Applying the word2vec model to other business words with 
more history and nuanced meaning, such phrases as “data 
breach,” yield a rich family of associated words, such as 
“hacked” and “security compromised.” In contrast, the term “greenwashing” returns no dictionary of similar phrases 
because greenwashing is a relatively new term that com -
bines a few concepts into one word with a meaning that 
can be roughly deconstructed as follows: greenwashing = 
company + misleading + sustainability.
To broaden the machine’s understanding of greenwashing, 
one could apply a supervised learning approach wherein 
a group of researchers would label sentences (“about 
greenwashing” versus “not about greenwashing”), while 
attempting to address common label-quality issues related 
to ambiguity and differences in reviewer opinions. However, 
this would be an enormous task, especially considering 
that different sectors have entirely different materiality 
to ESG topics. The next section addresses the challenge 
of using unlabeled data and advances a foundational 
objective of AI research: maintaining or increasing model 
accuracy while reducing human input.
Introducing Zero-Shot Classification
Zero-shot classification is a relatively new NLP task that 
answers the question, what is this sentence about?  Unlike 
fine-tuned classifiers, it does so without previously seeing 
a sentence or a label (hence the name “zero shot”). Hugging 
Face researchers found that zero-shot classifiers are sur -
prisingly accurate when deployed on LLMs (Davison 2020), Exhibit 16. Comparison of Tone between Conference Calls and News across 
Varying ESG Topics
10Tone
8
6
4
2
0Non-ESG
StatementsEnvironment Social Governance1.3x3.8x4.9x
1.1x7.5x
0.8x9.5x
Conference Call Transcripts News Articles0.5x
Note:  Tone = Ratio of positive-to-negative sentences.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
88  CFA Institute Research Foundationalbeit not quite as accurate as classifiers explicitly trained 
on the same topic via thousands of human labels.
Powered by natural language inference
Zero-shot classifiers were popularized by Yin, Hay, and 
Roth (2019) and rely on natural language inference (NLI), 
an NLP task that compares two sentences—a premise and 
a hypothesis—and determines whether the hypothesis 
aligns with the premise (entailment), contradicts it (con -
tradiction), or does neither (neutral). Our study applies the 
hypothesis “This is about greenwashing” to a series of 
sentences using Meta’s bart-large-mnli  model, the most 
popular zero-shot classifier on the Hugging Face Hub.19 
The model responds with its assessment of whether the 
hypothesis is true, false, or neutral for each sentence. The 
output ranges between 0% (not at all related to greenwash -
ing) to 100% (entirely related to greenwashing).
Test driving the zero-shot classifier
Zero-shot classifiers can understand multiple dimensions 
about a sentence—namely, topic, emotion, and situation 
(as described by Yin et al. 2019). This is especially appro -
priate for such a relatively novel and complex topic as 
19Go to https://huggingface.co/facebook/bart-large-mnli . The model was developed by Meta Platforms, downloaded roughly 1.5 million times per 
month in 2022, and trained on 433,000 hypothesis/premise pairs.“greenwashing.” Exhibit 17  illustrates the model’s intuition 
and sensitivity to subtle changes in language. The zero-
shot model intuitively adjusts its output (ranging from 0% 
to 100%) to the hypothesis “This sentence is about gre -
enwashing” according to changes in the same sentence 
(relating to tone, emotion, situation, and negation).
Exhibit 17 demonstrates how the model handles nuanced 
meaning by substituting words in each sentence. For exam -
ple, the sentence “The firm overstated its commitment 
to debt ” (topic = debt) has a 16% chance of being about 
greenwashing, whereas the sentence “The firm overstated 
its commitment to reducing emissions ” (topic = emissions) 
has a 95% chance of being related to greenwashing. This 
example-driven analysis highlights the model’s ability to 
understand language and infer meaning in the context 
of ESG.
Preliminary analysis
Exhibit 17 helps illustrate how the model “thinks.” The next 
step, detailed in Exhibit 18 , examines how well  it thinks by 
manually labeling 200 sentences and evaluating its ability 
to distinguish between three different types of sentences: 
sentences that contain the words “greenwash,” “green -
washed,” or “greenwashing” (15 sentences); sentences 
Exhibit 17. Test-Driving the Zero-Shot Classifier
20% 0% 40% 80%99%
60%Shifting TOPIC in
Sentences
Shifting EMOTIO N
in Sentences
Shifting SITUA TION
in Sentences
Shifting NEGA TION
in SentencesType
Avg. Probability  of Greenw ashingFill-in-Phras e
“bringing down debt”
“helping local communities”
“reducing emissions”
“welcomed”
“questioned”
“criticized”
“but the st ory continues to develop”
“but the st ory gets wor se and wor se”
“not”
“indeed”“ ”16%
76%
0%
50%95%
60%
31%
60%
1%4%Example Sentence
Thus fa r, there has been littl e
evidence that the firm is
greenw ashing .The firm ov erstated it s
commitment to .
The firm’s  net-ze ro carbon
pledge wa sb y
experts and watchdogs.
Regulat ors dete rmined the firm
had greenw ashed
its annual ESG report .

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  89that describe greenwashing without mentioning the term 
(35 sentences); and sentences completely unrelated to 
greenwashing (150 sentences). These 200 sentences were 
run through the zero-shot classifier using a 50% thresh -
old; that is, if the classifier output is more than 50%, the 
sentence gets classified as relating to greenwashing. While 
this test is run on a small sample, it takes a critical first 
step in understanding the model’s effectiveness.
The confusion matrixes in Exhibit 18 detail reasonably 
encouraging results. The rudimentary word-matching 
model is incapable of picking up on sentences that did not 
explicitly contain the terms “greenwash,” “greenwashed,” 
and “greenwashing.” By contrast, the zero-shot classifier 
powered by bart-large-mnli  correctly identified the 15 sen -
tences containing those words, in addition to 15 additional 
sentences that merely alluded to greenwashing, all without 
generating any false positives. In other words, the zero-
shot classifier captures twice the number of sentences 
that relate to greenwashing without making any additional 
mistakes.
Next steps
Running the same zero-shot classifier on a larger set of 
unlabeled data (approximately 5 million sentences from 
news) was fruitful but exposed the pain points of imbal -
anced classes (greenwashing is an extremely small frac -
tion of broader market discussions), which requires further 
refinement of the original 50% threshold. There are also 
easily correctable blind spots in the classifier, such as the 
word “green” leading to false positives. These early insights 
provide a path forward for improving the model.
Tackling the subject of greenwashing head on with more 
scrutiny and analysis will ultimately benefit the public and improve on what constitutes adhering to ESG principles. 
Meanwhile, language models are advancing at an incredi -
ble pace, reducing the amount of human input required to 
achieve the same results. Improving accuracy while reduc -
ing costs is a powerful accelerator for additional research in 
this rich intersection of ESG and NLP.
Conclusion
The customizable and dynamic nature of NLP makes it an 
ideal match for the rapidly evolving data and definitions and 
the significant challenges of ESG analytics. The investment 
community’s application of the techniques outlined in this 
chapter will further refine their usefulness, while the combi -
nation of humans and machines is fast becoming the new 
frontier in investment insight. There has never been a better 
time to collect, process, and draw meaning from text, and 
the innovations are only poised to continue.
Whether building AI tools from the ground up, sourcing 
solutions from third-party data providers, or effectively 
interpreting model outputs, the foundations detailed in this 
chapter can entirely reframe how problems are solved and 
redefine the questions that can be asked of data. Quite 
simply, NLP can move the investment industry beyond its 
current limitations of data, time, resources, and imagination 
and, in tandem with ESG, create meaningful and high-per -
forming contributions to active investing.
We would like to thank Matt Spain, Rebecca Jackson, 
Vinod Chandrashekaran, Jonathan Berkow, Mike Chen, 
and Mike Tung.Exhibit 18. Preliminary Accuracy Measures for Zero-Shot Classification  
of “Greenwashing”
Confusion Matrix 1  
Matching Word “Greenwash(ed/ing)”Confusion Matrix 2  
Zero-Shot Classifier for “Greenwashing”
200 Total Sentences Predicted:
Sentences Related  
to GreenwashingPredicted:
Sentences Unrelated  
to GreenwashingPredicted:
Sentences Related  
to GreenwashingPredicted:
Sentences Unrelated  
to Greenwashing
Actual: Sentences Related 
to Greenwashing  
50 Sentences15 (True Positive) 35 (False Negative) 30 (True Positive) 20 (False Negative)
Actual: Sentences  
Unrelated to Greenwashing  
150 sentences0 (False Positive) 150 (True Negative) 0 (False Positive) 150 (True Negative)
Precision = 100%; Recall = 30%; F1  
Score = 46%Precision = 100%; Recall = 60%; F1  
Score = 75%

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
90  CFA Institute Research FoundationReferences
AJMC. 2021. “A Timeline of COVID-19 Developments in 2020.” 
(1 January). www.ajmc.com/view/a-timeline-of-covid19-  
developments-in-2020 .
Cerulli Associates. 2022. “ESG Issue.” The Cerulli Edge—US 
Institutional Edition (First Quarter).
CFA Institute. 2019. “AI Pioneers in Investment 
Management.” www.cfainstitute.org/-/media/documents/
survey/AI-Pioneers-in-Investment-Management.pdf .
Chen, M., G. Mussalli, A. Amel-Zadeh, and M. Weinberg. 2022. 
“NLP for SDGs: Measuring Corporate Alignment with the 
Sustainable Development Goals.” Journal of Impact and ESG 
Investing  2 (3): 61–81.  
Davison, Joe. 2020. “Zero-Shot Learning in Modern NLP.” 
Joe Davison Blog  (29 May). https://joeddav.github.io/
blog/2020/05/29/ZSL.html .
Firth, J. 1957. “A Synopsis of Linguistic Theory, 1930–55.” In 
Studies in Linguistic Analysis , 1–31. Oxford, UK: Blackwell.
Hao, Karen. 2019. “Training a Single AI Model Can Emit 
as Much Carbon as Five Cars in Their Lifetimes.” MIT 
Technology Review  (6 June). www.technologyreview.
com/2019/06/06/239031/training-a-single-ai-model-can-
emit-as-much-carbon-as-five-cars-in-their-lifetimes/ .
Henry, P., and D. Krishna. 2021. “Making the Investment 
Decision Process More Naturally Intelligent.” Deloitte Insights 
(2 March). www2.deloitte.com/us/en/insights/industry/
financial-services/ natural -language -processing - 
investment-management.html .
Huang, Allen, Hui Wang, and Yi Yang. Forthcoming. “FinBERT: 
A Large Language Model for Extracting Information from 
Financial Text.” Contemporary Accounting Research .IFC. 2004. “Who Cares Wins—Connecting Financial Markets 
to a Changing World” (June). www.ifc.org/wps/wcm/con -
nect/topics_ext_content/ifc_external_corporate_site/
sustainability-at-ifc/publications/publications_report_who -
careswins__wci__1319579355342 .
Li, Kai, Feng Mai, Rui Shen, and Xinyan Yan. 2020. 
“Measuring Corporate Culture Using Machine Learning.” 
Working paper (29 June). https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/
papers.cfm?abstract_id=3256608 .
NLRB. 2022. “Correction: First Three Quarters’ Union Election 
Petitions up 58%, Exceeding All FY21 Petitions Filed.” Office 
of Public Affairs (15 July). www.nlrb.gov/news-outreach/
news-story/correction-first-three-quarters-union-election-
petitions-up-58-exceeding .
RavenPack. 2022. “ESG Controversies: March 2022” (5 April).  
www.ravenpack.com/blog/esg-controversy-detection-  
march-2022 .
Strubell, Emma, Ananya Ganesh, and Andrew McCallum. 
2019. “Energy and Policy Considerations for Deep Learning 
in NLP.” Cornell University, arXiv:1906.02243 (5 June). 
https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.02243 .
US SIF Foundation. 2020. “2020 Report on US Sustainable 
and Impact Investing Trends.” www.ussif.org/files/
Trends/2020_Trends_Highlights_OnePager.pdf .
Wu, Kai. 2021. “Measuring Culture.” Sparkline Capital 
(24 August). www.sparklinecapital.com/post/
measuring-culture .
Yin, Wenpeng, Jamaal Hay, and Dan Roth. 2019. 
“Benchmarking Zero-Shot Text Classification: Datasets, 
Evaluation and Entailment Approach.” Cornell University, 
arXiv:1909.00161 (31 August). https://arxiv.org/
abs/1909.00161 .

III. TRADING WITH MACHINE LEARNING  
AND BIG DATAHANDBOOK OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
AND BIG DATA APPLICATIONS IN  
INVESTMENTS
This book can be found at cfainstitute.org/ai-and-big-data

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
92  CFA Institute Research Foundation7. MACHINE LEARNING AND BIG DATA TRADE 
EXECUTION SUPPORT
Erin Stanton
Global Head of Analytics Client Support, Virtu Financial
Introduction
As a result of recent advances in computing power, data 
abundance, and cloud services, asset managers are 
increasingly eager to use artificial intelligence (AI) and 
machine learning (ML) solutions to unearth meaningful 
insights from their data. However, despite their willing -
ness and investment, many buy-side firms are struggling 
to establish an efficient and programmatic way to do 
ML-based analytics at scale. Why are these efforts failing 
to meet expectations?
Making Sense of the Data
As asset managers push their competitive edge into the 
digital sphere, AI/ML solutions are growing out of the neces -
sity for better and faster processes, calculated decisions, 
and data-driven insights. In the TRADE’s October 2020 article 
“Buy-Side Lags behind Sell-Side in Adoption of Machine 
Learning and Artificial Intelligence,” a Refinitiv study found 
that only 28% of buy-side firms were leveraging ML and AI 
(Smith 2020). This lag was recently confirmed by a Q1 2022 
Quant Strats survey of 100 hedge funds, asset managers, 
and investment banks across the United States and Canada 
that pegged regular use of machine learning in decision 
making at 22% (Finadium 2022). Anecdotally, a different pic -
ture is emerging, one fueled by significant buy-side interest 
and active ML skill building and development.
Like the chicken and egg paradox, the buy side needs 
advanced technology and established efficient processes 
to capture and store data in sufficient granularity and 
requires ML expertise to help sift through the reams of 
structured and unstructured data. Though buy-side traders 
still consider sourcing liquidity their biggest challenge—one 
that statistical algorithms cannot easily solve—they recog -
nize the advantages of ML-assisted approaches. Based on 
our observations, data delay and capture capabilities are 
improving and there is enthusiasm for putting existing data 
to work. ML’s abilities to uncover patterns in large datasets 
and surface correlations that humans cannot detect have 
buy-side traders and portfolio managers learning about and 
turning to open-source ML libraries, such as scikit-learn, 
tools similar to those used by traditional data scientists.  
In turn, these budding quasi-data scientists are developing 
such ML-based solutions as trigger algorithms that can help inform a direction to take when unforeseeable events 
occur or ML-powered solutions that overcome limitations by 
using data gathered from other industries.
In this chapter, five use cases detail real-life examples 
of ML’s application in the analytics and trading spaces, 
while noting both the effective combination of data and 
ML-based techniques used to enrich the decision-support 
processes and some of the current barriers facing buy-side 
firms as the technology matures. Here is a synopsis:
• Use Case 1: Feature Importance.  Designed to reduce 
the number of inputs a trader needs to consider 
when selecting the optimal trading strategy, feature 
importance calculates a score or rank for each input 
in a model. It is common for trading blotters to con -
tain dozens, if not hundreds, of different security and 
market metrics, so using an ML-based approach can 
help traders focus on the most meaningful factors.
• Use Cases 2 and 3: Transaction Cost Analysis (TCA).  
Portfolio managers and traders use TCA to learn from 
post-trade data and to improve future performance. 
In searching for trends about which strategies work, 
data are typically broken down by components, such 
as the size of the order or the market cap of the stock. 
In Use Cases 2 and 3, different ML-based approaches 
help extract additional insights from existing trade 
data to further enhance TCA analysis.
• Use Case 4: Normalized and Unbiased Algo Trading.  
The automated, randomized testing performed by algo 
wheels helps traders find the best trading algorithm 
across a variety of brokers; it is like the A/B testing an 
e-commerce site would run to find the best product. 
Just like a retailer needs to ensure consistency of 
service for its customers, a data analyst must be 
aware that, aside from the testing component itself, 
all testers receive the same experience. In com -
paring algo wheel orders, a trader must account 
for the different order characteristics and market 
characteristics that each broker receives. Traditional 
market impact models are built statistically, but now, 
based on the size and scope of available data, it is 
possible to handicap brokers using ML-based models.
• Use Case 5: Trading Strategy Recommendation 
Model.  In Use Cases 1–4, traders had to select the 
optimal trading strategy. In Use Case 5, an ML-based 
© 2023 CFA Institute Research Foundation. All rights reserved.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  93trading strategy recommendation model is offered 
with an option to override should the recommendation 
not align with the trader’s human intuition and experi -
ence. Incidentally, when a trader chooses to override, 
this too is captured and can be analyzed to better 
enhance the model.
Not All Data Are Created 
Equal
Computers cannot make decisions as humans do. Human 
decisions are based on heuristics and cognitive biases 
against a broad field of attention to fully comprehend an 
event. The use of ML-based models depends heavily on 
data, and more specifically on granular data, as well as on 
the humans that build them. It is important to acknowl -
edge that all ML analyses begin with data, but not all 
data are created equal. In addition to the variance in data 
quality, humans also add variability via the multiple deci -
sions they make throughout the ML model construction 
process.
Advanced models, such as neural networks, make such 
firms as Google successful, but they are like black boxes; it 
is hard to explain why they come up with the results they 
do. In trading, this approach is not optimal. In accordance 
with data science best practices, model builders should 
consider the following questions carefully during and after 
model construction. As a matter of transparency, their 
responses should also be included for every model submit -
ted into production.
• What data were included versus excluded, and why?
• Assuming the data were available, what would 
improve the model?
• What consistency checks and quality assurances 
were performed on the input datasets?
• What features were included and excluded, and why?
• What model was chosen, and why?
Use Case 1: The Role of 
Feature Importance in TCA 
for Auto-Order Routing
Each ML-based model created is an experiment since they 
fail as often as they succeed. Sometimes, one may be able 
to make a model operational, but the predictive accuracy 
is low or the model does not work owing to a technical 
problem. Nevertheless, ML techniques are evolving, 
reducing the amount of time spent on manual analysis.
1Jason Siegendorf, personal communication with author.The feature importance approach is often where most buy-
side firms start their ML implementation journeys. When 
evaluating the performance of a portfolio, a portfolio manager 
typically performs an attribution analysis to determine which 
stocks contributed positively and negatively. The output infor -
mation can be used to explain performance to an end client 
and/or to predict the viability of future investment decisions.
The process of TCA is a data-driven way traders and portfolio 
managers can benefit by reviewing past results. Historically, 
TCA has primarily been observational, dissecting the changes 
in trading costs into factors, such as liquidity, volatility, and 
spread. Ideally, the trader may leverage the enhanced post-
trade information when execution planning and when demon -
strating or confirming execution quality/best execution.
Although observational TCA is less statistical, it has proven 
to be an invaluable tool for bridging the consumer trust gap. 
Experience has made clear that it is essential to prove to 
your end audience how well their data and processes are 
understood before they can be convinced to adopt emerging 
technologies, such as AI and ML; TCA has been an effective 
catalyst toward ML-based analytics. Usually, once a client 
gains confidence in traditional TCA capabilities, their thinking 
leads them to ask whether anything is missing. For Harris 
Associates, their search led them to the feature importance 
approach for auto-routing execution, according to Jason 
Siegendorf, the firm’s head of trading analytics:
Harris Associates had previously set up a work -
flow within our execution management system 
to auto-route or send a subset of trades directly 
to a pre-defined algorithmic trading strategy, 
bypassing the trading desk. This enabled cash 
flows and other low risk orders to be traded very 
consistently and without trader bias in broker 
selection and allowed our traders to focus on the 
orders that they can have the most impact on 
by sourcing liquidity and deciding on the optimal 
execution strategy. We know that order size is an 
important consideration when deciding if an order 
is auto-routing eligible, but we also wondered if 
there might be other contributing factors we were 
missing out on. Applying the feature importance 
function confirmed our intuition and helped spot -
light other meaningful order characteristics we 
typically pay less attention to.1
Typically, a human trader’s execution decision making 
involves the synthesis and weighing of dozens of inputs 
to make instant decisions regarding how to best execute 
an order. However, brain processing studies show that 
interactions are limited to three, sometimes four, inputs 
(Cowan 2001). The feature importance approach assists 
human traders by statistically confirming observational 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
94  CFA Institute Research FoundationTCA and human intuition by explaining subtle post-trade 
transaction cost patterns that may have otherwise gone 
undetected. It can also be used as a guide for pre-trade  
and auto-routing strategies.
The recommended ML-based approach for this use case 
was a supervised random forest model2 (feature impor -
tance is built in natively); however, some buy-side clients 
may prefer the straightforward linear regression3 approach. 
Most traders are already familiar with the linear regression 
coefficients, which can be used to determine the direction 
and impact of a specific feature.
The following steps taken in this use case can be imple -
mented for any ML-based model.
• Step 1: Cleansing and Normalizing Data
Any ML-based process must first identify the right data 
for the intended objective and determine whether any 
data normalization is required. Although not explored in 
this article, most of a model builder’s time is spent on the 
data—data cleansing, normalizing, and removing outliers 
and blank values—in addition to selecting and normaliz -
ing features before they can be passed into the model.
• Step 2: Chunking (Breaking Down) Data into Subsets 
for Easier Interpretation
The following examples illustrate how chunking 
(breaking down) data into smaller subsets enhances 
understanding:
■	 Have the drivers of trading costs changed over 
time?  Ideally, the data should be broken down into 
time periods (e.g., month, quarter) and a separate 
model should be run for each. When completed, the 
model builder can compare the feature importance 
for each distinct period and determine whether 
drivers of costs have shifted or stayed the same.
■	 What are the cost drivers between two types of 
order flow?  A trader may want to know the differ -
ence in transaction costs between single-stock 
versus program trading flow, so the data would 
be chunked into two respective datasets and 
modeled separately.
■	 Do transaction costs differ by fund type?  To 
understand the cost impacts on small-cap cap 
growth and large-cap cap value, for instance, 
a trader would need to segment the data into 
relevant attribute datasets and then run a model 
for each attribute to pinpoint the most important 
drivers of the transaction costs.
2A random forest grows multiple decision trees that are merged for more accurate predictions. The reasoning behind these models is that 
multiple uncorrelated models (i.e., individual decision trees) achieve much better performance as a group than individually.
3The simple linear regression forecasting method can be used to plot a trend line based on relationships between dependent and independent 
variables. In linear regression analysis, changes in a dependent variable are shown on the y-axis and changes in the explanatory variable are 
shown on the x-axis.• Step 3: Data Labeling and Testing and Training 
Datasets
As inputs, labeled datasets are required for the super -
vised model. Following the selection of which labeled 
dataset(s) to use, it is necessary to further separate the 
data into training and testing subsets. Model builders 
must reserve a portion of the data for testing to deter -
mine how well the model predicts with data it has not 
previously interacted with, also known as generalization.
• Step 4: Selecting the Model’s Features
When selecting the model’s inputs, avoid using a 
‘kitchen sink’ approach that includes every possible 
driver of transaction costs since this type of model 
does not perform well with highly correlated inputs. 
Several techniques exist to identify and remove the 
highly correlated features; it is a step in the process.
• Step 5: Selecting the ML Model’s Library and Training 
a Supervised Model
Among the open-source ML libraries, scikit-learn is 
a popular option, and since the use case involved 
predicting continuous trading costs rather than dis -
crete ones, the RandomForestRegressor was chosen. 
Despite spending less time tweaking the model to 
improve accuracy, its predictive power remains a sig -
nificant factor when analyzing the feature importance.
• Step 6: Selecting a Feature Importance Approach
Finally, the model builder must identify the most 
influential inputs for model prediction. Here are a few 
techniques:
■	 Default scikit-learn’s feature importance.  
Informally looks at how much each feature is 
used in each tree within the training forest. 
Exhibit 1  shows an example output from the 
scikit-learn feature importance module.
• Pros : Single command to retrieve and fast
• Cons : Can be biased to continuous features 
and high-cardinality categorical features; can 
only be run on the user’s training dataset
■	 Permutation feature importance.  Shuffles a 
feature to see how much the model changes its 
prediction accuracy.
• Pros : Can be run on both testing and training 
datasets
• Cons : More computationally expensive and 
can overestimate the importance of cor -
related features

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  95■	 Drop column feature importance.  Manually 
drop one feature and examine model prediction 
accuracy.
• Pros : Highly intuitive and accurate
• Cons : Need to retrain the model each time, 
which can be resource-intensive
■	 Feature importance computed with Shapley 
additive explanation (SHAP) values.  Uses the 
SHAP values from game theory to estimate how 
each feature contributes to the prediction.
• Pros : Provides more information through 
decision and dependence plots and impact 
directionality
• Cons : Can be computationally expensive and 
requires a separate library
Use Case 2: Semisupervised 
Learning to Cluster Similar 
Orders Where Clear Tags 
Are Missing
The lack of clear and consistent data tags is one of the big -
gest hurdles ML must overcome. Currently, vast amounts of 
data are either untagged, in free-form text, or hard to inte -
grate into the core dataset. In this use case, unsupervised and semisupervised approaches are explored for populating 
tags where data are missing, and in the next use case, I 
examine these approaches for parsing free-form text.
The objective for this use case is to determine the type of 
commission rate when the data populating the commis -
sion-type tag are missing. The example is useful because it 
illustrates that model builders might have to get creative in 
how to use the data they have—solving the problem using 
a different tack.
ML-based techniques can be applied more broadly to iden -
tify segments of orders that are similarly structured across 
a range of partially or fully untagged attributes. Examples 
include the following:
• In cases where the fund is not consistently tagged,  
details such as the number of stocks, average market 
cap, average momentum, and volatility can be used to 
extrapolate the style of investment strategy.
• In cases where a trading desk discretionary tag is 
not consistently tagged,  details around the order 
horizon, the type of algorithm used, the observed 
transaction costs, and the existence of a limit price 
can be used to extrapolate whether the buy-side 
trading desk had full discretion over the trading strat -
egy of the order.
In contrast with the first use case, Use Case 2 has only a 
small segment of clearly labeled data, so model builders Exhibit 1. Selecting Feature Importance
Weight Feature
0.2904 ± 0.0302 tradeHorizon
01733 ± 0.0100 tradedValue Expected Results Sample
0.1663 ± 0.0131 historicalVolatility The trading horizon is the most important factor influencing 
transaction costs, followed by traded value and historic volatility. 
Traders can use this to explain transaction costs post-trade and 
to inform them of the costs before placing an order in the market 
(pre-trade). 0.1217 ± 0.0137 participationRate
0.0560 ± 0.0111 percentMDV
0.0523 ± 0.0094 spread
0.0310 ± 0.0042 marketCap
0.0230 ± 0.0041 sector
0.0064 ± 0.0053 securityType
0.0022 ± 0.0013 side
0 ± 0.0000 country
Source:  Virtu Analytics.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
96  CFA Institute Research Foundationcould choose to implement an unsupervised or semisuper -
vised approach.4
As previously noted, ML model construction requires signif -
icant data preparation, and in Use Case 2, this involved the 
parsing of the client–broker code as an extrapolated model 
feature. While the broker tag itself differs from firm to firm, 
many broker destinations indicate the category of commis -
sion paid—for instance, brokerA_HT  and brokerA_LT —data 
that were parsed and tagged as inputs for the model 
(Exhibit 2 ).
If an unsupervised clustering approach is taken, then a 
model needs to be selected that allows for both continuous 
numerical information, such as the average commission 
rate paid, and discrete categorical information, such as 
the country the client traded in. Using a k-means algorithm 
for the model’s purely numerical input and a k-modes 
algorithm for the model’s purely categorical input is recom -
mended. The model builder may also opt for Zhexue Huang’s 
4Semisupervised model learning involves a learning problem, as well as the algorithms created for the  problem, that pertains to a small amount 
of labeled examples and numerous unlabeled examples from which the model learns and makes predictions on new examples.k-prototype clustering algorithm that combines both 
approaches into one (Huang 1998).
When the model is complete, the model builder will have 
an output cluster number that, in this example ( Exhibit 3 ), 
indicates whether the record represents an execution-only 
or a non-execution-only commission rate.
The output cluster number can be used to report the execu -
tion-only commission rate; the use case goal was achieved. 
Nevertheless, good data science practices require model 
builders to review not only results but also the components 
of the model. In so doing, the modeler found that the data -
set contained more labeled data than expected and re-ran 
the model, this time using a semisupervised approach 
(some labeled data and some unlabeled data).
In the semisupervised model approach, a small set of data 
labels was used to train a supervised classification model, 
and once trained, the model could be used to predict the Illustrative Example of Using Semisupervised Learning 
to Solve a Long-Running Data Tagging Issue
Any time data are sourced from multiple systems, 
such as from multiple trading systems, data tagging 
can become an issue. An example is that while some 
trading platforms easily capture the type of commis -
sion rate paid with a trade, many do not. Buy-side 
traders want to be able to compare their commission 
rates to a large peer-based database to get a sense of 
how much relative commission they are paying.While not easily solvable with traditional observa -
tion-based analytics, semisupervised learning allows 
for the training of a model that can learn off clearly 
tagged examples and then predict the commission 
type for trades that do not have clear tagging. The 
buy-side trader can now compare her execution-only 
rate on an apples-to-apples basis to other investment 
managers.
Exhibit 2. Broker Code Commission Parsed and Data Tagged
Client ID  
(categorical)Country  
(categorical)Turnover  
(numerical)Avg. Commission 
Rate (cps) 
(numerical)Broker  
Destination Code 
(categorical)Parsed Broker Code Tag 
(categorical)
1 USA $1,000,000 1 brokerA_LT Execution Only
1 USA $2,000,000 4 brokerA_HT Not Execution Only
2 USA $1,000,000 1.5 brokerabcd Unknown
Source:  Virtu Analytics.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  97unlabeled portion of the dataset. Even though the model 
builder ultimately opted to use the semisupervised method, 
the fully unsupervised and semisupervised approaches 
yielded similar average execution-only rates. In ML-based 
data analysis, reproducibility is an important aspect of  
confirming that techniques and approaches are working  
as intended.
Use Case 3: Natural 
Language Processing to 
Parse Free-Form Text Fields 
into Data Tags
Frequently, the parsing of inputs is from free-form text, 
such as a portfolio manager’s note to a buy-side trader 
that might include trading instructions and constraints 
that can impact a trade’s outcome. The following are some 
examples:
• Target this order for the close
• Part of a prog, trade cash neutral
• Avoid impact, trade in line with volume
A human reader can easily parse this text into a few simple 
tags; however, to programmatically extract information 
from free-form text fields, model builders must be familiar 
with natural language processing (NLP). The goal in Use 
Case 3 is to automate what a human can understand on a 
more systematic and consistent basis, as follows:
• Close
• Program trade
• Go along
Useful in post-trade learning, parsed tags can provide 
a data-driven perspective on how the portfolio manag -
er’s instruction may have affected trading costs, and in execution planning, they can help the trader better under -
stand what strategies work best based on the instructions 
received. NLP can be used against any free-form text field 
to help parse out additional information, even though our 
examination in this use case focuses on the portfolio  
manager’s instructions.
Google’s Bidirectional Encoder Representations from 
Transformers (BERT) model was chosen because it has the 
capability of enhanced context understanding because 
of its process of evaluating text in both left-to-right and 
right-to-left directions. As with other models, BERT is open 
source and has the advantage of being pretrained on an 
enormous dataset. Since its initial launch, BERT has been 
adapted into sub-language versions, such as FinBERT, 
which handles financial documents, and LEGAL-BERT, 
which handles legal documents. The Virtu Analytics team 
performs most of its NLP work on an internal JupyterHub, 
where they have installed the necessary libraries and built 
their codebase; however, AWS SageMaker and Comprehend 
can be much quicker to set up. BERT also offers the advan -
tage of being fine-tuned using a relatively small number of 
labeled examples, which, due to the size requirements, can 
be labeled by humans manually.
At this point, BERT runs like any other supervised method, 
producing tagged predictions alongside probability.
Use Case 4: Transaction 
Cost/Market Impact 
Prediction
Leveraging market impact models, TCA determines 
the quality of the execution versus the expected cost. 
Currently, various transaction cost outcome prediction 
approaches are based on a combination of order char -
acteristics, stock-level market data inputs, and a model 
calibration process that incorporates the results of realized 
trades.Exhibit 3. Model Cluster Output Number Using Parsed and Data Tagged  
Broker Commission Code
Client ID  
(categorical)Country  
(categorical)Turnover  
(numerical)Avg. Commission 
Rate (cps)  
(numerical)Broker Destination 
Code  
(categorical)Parsed Broker 
Code Tag  
(categorical)Model 
Output 
Cluster #
1 USA $1,000,000 1 brokerA_LT Execution Only 1
1 USA $2,000,000 4 brokerA_HT Not Execution Only 2
2 USA $1,000,000 1.5 brokerabcd Unknown 1
Source:  Virtu Analytics.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
98  CFA Institute Research FoundationBuilding an ML-based model off observed transaction costs 
can be challenging because of the data noise in a typical 
dataset and the lack of data labeling that hampers the 
parsing of text. Exhibit 4  illustrates the problem with data 
noise in the use case’s dataset.
The training example in Exhibit 4 shows different observed 
transaction cost labels despite nearly identical inputs for 
ticker, trade time, shares, volatility, and spread, which can 
result in model confusion. Data analysts are advised that 
there may be other factors not captured in traditional TCA 
analysis that can affect a trade, which can similarly con -
fuse a model. Attempts to estimate market impact using 
Virtu’s Global Peer database in its entirety were unsuccess -
ful; however, when filtering off more homogeneous order 
flows, such as those from the algo wheel, useful estimates 
were obtained.
An algo wheel provides automated, randomized routing to 
brokers according to user-defined allocations. When using 
an algo wheel, the trader selects the desired algo strategy 
and sends the order. Then, the algo wheel’s broker-alloca -
tion engine routes the order to a user-defined set of nor -
malized algo strategies. Post-trade data are accumulated 
over time (on average, 300 orders per broker represent a 
useful dataset) to assess performance and guide future 
broker allocations.
An ML-based market impact prediction model can be 
applied to cross-firm flows (giving insight into how brokers 
perform relative to each other) or to firm-specific flows to 
account for specific nuances in their proprietary invest -
ment processes. Enrico Cacciatore, senior quantitative 
trader and head of market structure and trading analytics 
at Voya Financial, explains why this capability matters: 
“Performance is what determines which brokers receive 
more flow on our algo wheel, and we need to account for 
differences in order difficulty across the flow that each of 
our counterparties receives. The Machine Learning Market 
Impact model we subscribe to allows us to handicap our 
brokers while at the same time giving us a sense of what 
transaction costs competing firms are achieving.”5
5Enrico Cacciatore, personal communication with author.The random forest model was chosen to accomplish the 
use case goal for market impact prediction. Several other 
model types were tested, including forest-related varia -
tions, such as gradient-boosted trees, but a simple random 
forest implementation performed the best in this case. 
We have found that random forest models provide high 
accuracy for our use cases and off our specific dataset, 
which includes both numeric and categorical data, and the 
results are also quite easy to explain and troubleshoot.
Every model builder is advised to incorporate a third-party 
review as an integral step in the construction process. 
Non-model builders with knowledge of the dataset, ML, and 
subject matter should review the approach with the model 
builder(s)—with all participants being strongly encouraged 
to challenge the model based on the data, features, and 
model type selected.
Use case in point, during our Transaction Cost Impact 
Algo Wheel Model peer review, someone raised a potential 
endogeneity issue related to a few features that included 
order horizons. Even though the order horizon greatly 
improved the model’s prediction accuracy, it is directly 
controlled by the broker. The purpose of a peer review is 
for users to have a common understanding of the model’s 
objective so they can assess whether it performed as 
intended. In this use case, the peer review team agreed 
that the broker had too much control over the order horizon 
and the feature was removed from the model.
Use Case 5: Trading Strategy 
Recommendation
In Use Cases 1–4, ML-based approaches provided data-
driven trade information but left optimal trading strategy 
selection to the buy-side trader. In this use case, the 
review closes with an ML-based trading strategy rec -
ommendation model. Even though this example invokes 
greater risk—a suboptimal trading strategy can result in 
a higher-cost trade—the reader should now have a better 
understanding of ML-based alternative approaches to Exhibit 4. Precleansed Data Noise in a Typical Dataset
Training 
Example Ticker Trade Time Shares Volatility SpreadObserved Transaction 
Cost Outcome  
(implementation shortfall)
1 AAPL 3/1/2022 10:00 a.m. 1,000 9 bps 10 bps 5 bps
2 AAPL 3/1/2022 10:05 a.m. 1,100 8 bps 9 bps 20 bps
Source:  Virtu Analytics.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  99segment order flow when data tags are unclear, how to 
parse free-form text from an ML perspective, and how 
market impact estimates can be constructed solely from 
observed trades.
This use case’s data represented all algorithmic trades 
captured across all brokers from Virtu’s execution manage -
ment system. Leveraging the model at a firm-specific level 
is possible; however, data requirements are more stringent 
as accuracy is emphasized when a recommendation is 
being submitted.
The feature importance approach was applied to iden -
tify the key data inputs for the model, which include the 
following:
• Order attributes , such as the ticker, side, sector, size, 
and market cap
• Stock clustering and NLP techniques , used to fill in 
the gaps, such as whether a limit price was set and 
whether an urgency setting was used for the algo 
trade
• Real-time market condition metrics , such as relative 
volume, volatility, and spread compared with historical 
distributions
Random forest models were then trained using historical 
data for each of the algorithm trading styles available to a buy-side trader, including implementation shortfall, VWAP, 
liquidity seeking, and dark.
Finally, the buy-side trader receives a prediction of the 
transaction cost outcome based on all available algorithms. 
Though it is possible to display only the winning, low-cost 
strategy, it is also useful to show the cost and variability of 
outputs across all strategies as part of the trader’s imple -
mentation display. Separately, some trades will be marked 
as not-low-touch-eligible because of the high strategy esti -
mates provided across all models.
Conclusion
Although the use cases presented in this chapter are suc -
cessful, many experiments do not perform as expected. To 
provide some balance, an example of a failed experiment 
would be the effort to build a stock clustering model that 
could inform a trading strategy. Though the experiment was 
successful in clustering stocks by characteristics, it could 
not tie them to a model that consistently informed how to 
trade them.
ML-based model building can sometimes be creative, 
should be collaborative, and is always iterative.
References
Cowan, Nelson. 2001. “The Magical Number 4 in Short-Term 
Memory: A Reconsideration of Mental Storage Capacity.” 
Behavioral and Brain Sciences  24 (1): 87–114. www.
researchgate.net/publication/11830840_The_Magical_
Number_4_in_Short-Term_Memory_A_Reconsideration_of_
Mental_Storage_Capacity .
Finadium. 2022. “Quant Strats Survey Shows ML Adoption 
Lagging, Third Party Spend Drops, Quantum Computing 
Tops Future Tech” (17 March). https://finadium.com/quant-
strats-survey-shows-ml-adoption-lagging-third-party-
spend-drops-quantum-computing-tops-future-tech .
Huang, Zhexue. 1998. “Extensions to the k-Means 
Algorithm for Clustering Large Data Sets with Categorical 
Values.” Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery  2: 
283–304. http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/
download?doi=10.1.1.15.4028&rep=rep1&type=pdf .
Smith, Annabel. 2020. “Buy-Side Lags behind Sell-Side in 
Adoption of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.” 
The TRADE (27 October). www.thetradenews.com/buy-side-
lags-behind-sell-side-in-adoption-of-machine-learning-
and-artificial-intelligence/ .Effects of Training 
with Biased Data
While not discussed previously, if the 
datasets used to train machine learn -
ing models contain biased data, then 
the model predictions will most likely 
be biased as well. If most of the training 
data for the volume-weighted average 
price (VWAP) strategy represented large-
cap stocks, which inherently have lower 
transaction costs, this strategy could look 
incorrectly cheap when compared to other 
models that have a more representative 
training sample. There are several ways 
to deal with bias, and it is an important 
consideration for any model that is used 
directly in the trading space.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
100   CFA Institute Research Foundation8. MACHINE LEARNING FOR MICROSTRUCTURE 
DATA-DRIVEN EXECUTION ALGORITHMS
Peer Nagy
ML Intern, Man Group  
DPhil Student, Oxford-Man Institute, University of Oxford
James Powrie, PhD
Principal Quant, Man Group
Stefan Zohren, PhD
Principal Quant, Man Group  
Faculty Member, Oxford-Man Institute, University of Oxford
Introduction
A central task in implementing any trading strategy is execut -
ing the trades required to reach a desired portfolio position. 
Typically, larger trades are required to change positions for 
funds with higher assets under management, and the larger 
a trade is, the more impact it tends to have on market prices. 
This impact can be measured as slippage (i.e., the difference 
between a reference price before the start of the trade and 
the prices at which trades are executed). To minimize this 
slippage cost, which can lead to a significant performance 
degradation over time, machine learning (ML) methods can 
be deployed to improve execution algorithms in various ways.
An execution problem is usually framed as follows. The exe -
cution algorithm is presented with a block of shares to buy 
or sell within a required time frame, which typically ranges 
from seconds to hours. To minimize the adverse impact 
of trades on the market price, this large order is split into 
smaller slices that are then executed over the available time 
horizon. The role of the algorithm is to choose an execution 
schedule that reduces the slippage bill as much as pos -
sible. If the order was not split up this way and distributed 
over time but instead was executed as a market order at the 
moment the trade instruction was presented, then large buy 
orders would push prices up, sell orders would push them 
down, or there might simply not be enough liquidity in the 
market at the time to complete the trade, leading to a less 
favorable slippage cost or an incomplete execution.
In any execution problem, there is a trade-off between the 
price impact and the risk of the price moving unfavorably 
over the execution horizon. If we are risk neutral and have 
no information on the direction the price is likely to move or 
on future trading activity, the optimal execution schedule 
involves partitioning all trades into smaller slices spaced 
evenly over the execution horizon. This strategy is referred 
to as TWAP (time-weighted average price) execution, which 
serves as a benchmark for more advanced execution algorithms to surpass. Using methods from stochastic 
optimal control, TWAP can even formally be shown to be 
optimal under these assumptions, so it constitutes a valid 
baseline (Almgren and Chriss 2000).
However, it might appear obvious that we can further improve 
execution if we have useful predictions of where prices 
might move in the short term. Another commonly used exe -
cution strategy makes use of information on trading volume, 
or market turnover, because a higher volume allows larger 
trades to be executed for the same amount of price impact. 
This type of strategy targets execution of a block of shares 
at the volume-weighted average price (VWAP) by splitting up 
execution over time proportionately to the expected volume 
profile. While expected volume is inherently a forward-looking 
variable, it shows patterns depending on the time of day and 
can be predicted reasonably accurately using ML models. 
The mathematical finance literature also shows that VWAP 
is an optimal execution strategy when volume information is 
available under the assumptions of risk neutrality and perma -
nent market impact (Kato 2015; Cartea and Jaimungal 2016). 
In practice, we can enhance our execution performance in 
contrast to TWAP by adjusting trade sizes proportionately to 
expected volume. Estimating trading volume can be as simple 
as observing a volume profile by time of day or as complex as 
using deep learning models with a plethora of market features.
One role for ML algorithms in execution is therefore to 
compute forecasts of short-term price movements and 
expected volume that an execution algorithm can use 
to front- or back-load the execution schedule—in effect, 
locally speeding up or slowing down trading activity. For 
example, given a signal forecasting decreasing prices 
over the next few seconds, the algorithm would place a 
sell trade now rather than wait for the price to fall. This 
supervised learning—or more specifically, regression 
problem—has been approached using a variety of meth -
ods, ranging from statistical modeling to deep learning. 
It is possible to apply advanced ML techniques, such as 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  101Jamuna deep learning, only because of the abundance of 
high-frequency data, which are essential for their training.
Predicting price movements directly is only one task of the 
many that ML can be applied to. For example, ML can also be 
used to forecast other relevant variables for optimizing the 
execution problem, such as market spreads, available future 
liquidity in the market, or volatility of the returns. Indeed, one 
can even have reinforcement learning algorithms directly 
choose concrete execution actions, such as sizing, timing, 
and pricing of slices, to solve the execution problem.
Microstructure Data 
and Analysis
Most electronic exchanges involved in the trading of cash 
equities, futures, or options use limit order books (LOBs) to 
match buy and sell orders using a price–time priority match -
ing mechanism. In this prioritization scheme, orders are first 
matched by their price levels, with orders at the same price 
on a first-come, first-served basis. Every limit order to buy 
with a price lower than any sell order in the LOB is added to 
the bid side of the LOB, where levels are ordered from best 
(highest price and earliest arrival) to worst (lowest price and 
latest arrival). Similarly, if an order to sell is posted at a price 
higher than any order to buy in the LOB, it is added to the ask 
side of the LOB. Together, the bid and ask levels of the LOB 
constitute the visible supply and demand for any instrument 
and any moment in time (see Exhibit 1 ). The bid level with 
the highest price is called the best bid, and the ask level with the lowest price is called the best ask. The difference 
in price between the best ask and best bid is called the 
spread. If a market order is placed to buy (sell), it is first exe -
cuted against the best price level of the ask (bid) side, then 
executed in order of arrival time of the corresponding limit 
order, and finally executed against the next level if the order 
is larger than the number of shares available at the best 
price. Rather than market orders, practitioners often use 
limit orders that are targeted against the best bid or ask. A 
refinement of this tactic is to use immediate-or-cancel (IOC) 
orders, which are automatically canceled if they cannot be 
filled at the limit price.
Given this order matching mechanism, LOBs are often 
described as double-sided continuous auctions, since a 
continuous order flow changes the book dynamically over 
time. Limit orders that cannot be matched immediately at 
the time of arrival, because either the bid is too low for a 
buy order or the ask is too high for a sell order, enter the 
book and provide liquidity to the market. Market orders, 
IOCs, or executable limit orders—buy (sell) limit orders with 
prices higher (lower) than the best ask (bid)—however, take 
away liquidity from the market, do not enter the LOB, and 
are executed immediately. In the case of executable limit 
orders, we can also have a situation where part of the limit 
order is executed, which thus removes liquidity, while a 
remainder stays on the book and provides liquidity.
To train ML models for execution tasks, LOB data are required 
in some form. These data can be represented at different 
levels of granularity. For most tasks in this space, a uni -
variate price time series is insufficient, and at the least, a 
dataset with best bid and ask prices and volumes over time 
is required to learn useful relationships. Some ML models 
even train on data including multiple or all levels of the LOB 
to forecast variables of interest. Such datasets can be rep -
resented either as a stream of individual orders—so-called 
market-by-order (MBO) data—or as a sequence of snapshots 
of the state of the LOB over time. MBO data contain different 
order types (limit, market, cancel, and modify), which allow 
a dynamic reconstruction of the LOB in full fidelity. For mod -
eling purposes, however, time series of features of the LOB 
state are usually more amenable to be used as model inputs.
As mentioned in the previous section, supervised ML tech -
niques can be fruitfully applied to several prediction targets 
in the execution domain. Models that can predict future 
values of these variables over even part of the execution 
horizon can help reduce slippage. One such target is the 
market spread, because lower spreads imply more favor -
able execution prices for marketable orders crossing the 
spread. Similarly, high trading volume makes it more likely 
that a passively placed limit order will be executed at each 
time step. Conversely, forecasting return volatility can be 
useful for gauging the risk of large price moves over the 
execution horizon. In periods of high volatility, for example, 
it might pay to front-load the execution schedule to limit 
exposure to the downside risk of adverse price shocks.Exhibit 1. Illustration of an LOB with 
Five Bid and Ask Levels
Price
Depth (# of shares)Spread = Ps – PbMid-priceAsks
BidsBest ask price Ps
dbLSds
dbdbBest bid price Pb
Note:  The arrival of a new limit sell order of size Ls at the best ask is 
added to the book by increasing the depth at that level.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
102   CFA Institute Research FoundationOver the short term, one of the best indicators of immediate 
price moves in the LOB is the order flow imbalance  (Cont, 
Kukanov, and Stoikov 2014). The definition of the order flow 
imbalance (OFI) is the order flow on the buy side: incoming 
limit buy orders at the best bid, Lb, net of order cancella -
tions, Cb, and market orders, Mb, minus the opposing sell-
side flow, within a period of time:
( ) ( ).bb s ss b OFI L C M L C M=−− −−−
This measure captures an imbalance between demand and 
supply in the market, which is an essential determinant 
of the market price. A high positive order flow imbalance 
indicates excessive buy pressure at current prices, thereby 
making it more likely that prices will rise imminently. 
Cont et al. (2014) describe an empirical linear relationship 
between OFI and price changes.
A related LOB-derived measure of supply–demand imbal -
ance, which can be used as a predictive signal of short-
term price changes, is the order book imbalance  (OBI):
.bs
bsddOBIdd−=+
Here, db and ds are the depths of the best bid and best 
ask, respectively (see Exhibit 1). The OBI calculates the 
normalized difference between the depth (number of 
available shares) on the buy side at the best bid, db, and 
the number of shares posted on the sell side at the best 
ask, ds. This measure is limited between −1 and 1, ranging 
from a strong downward price pressure to a strong upward 
price pressure.
The order book imbalance is also often used by practi -
tioners to calculate a micro-price, pmicro, which more closely 
reflects the microstructure effects than the mid-price. The 
micro-price simply weighs the bid and ask prices, pb and ps, 
respectively, by the imbalance, I:
(1 ) ,micro s b P IP I P = +−
where
1.2b
bsd OBIIdd+==+
ML-Based Predictive Signals 
for Execution Algorithms
A classical approach in statistical modeling is to start out 
with simple, perhaps linear, models and a small set of vari -
ables, or features, that are likely to have some predictive 
power for the quantity of interest. Over the modeling pro -
cess, model complexity is gradually increased and features 
are further engineered and refined to extract more infor -
mation from the raw data. Driven by the domination of the ML literature by deep learning and artificial neural network 
(ANN) models, most recent approaches, however, have 
moved away from handcrafted feature engineering and 
instead approached prediction problems using raw data 
directly. This trend has also taken hold in financial ML and 
quantitative trading.
A recent exception to this rule is the deep order flow imbal -
ance model (Kolm, Turiel, and Westray 2021), which uses 
order flow imbalance, as described in the previous section, 
to predict a vector of returns over multiple short-term hori -
zons. The authors show that extracting order flow features 
from the top 10 levels of the order book is sufficient to 
achieve state-of-the-art predictive performance with rela -
tively simple conventional neural network models, such as 
LSTM (long short-term memory) networks, or combinations 
of LSTMs with multilayer perceptrons (MLPs). This implies 
that practitioners might be able to get away with simpler 
models in some cases by performing an input data trans -
formation from raw data to order flows. These results con -
trast with those of the same simple neural network models 
that instead use raw order book features, which cannot 
achieve any predictive power on the same task, implying 
that the data transformation is essential. However, another 
result of this study is that linear models and simple MLP 
feed-forward networks alone are not useful for forecasting 
such short-term alpha signals.
Notwithstanding deep order flow imbalance models, the 
trend in the current ML literature on forecasting short-term 
price signals points in the direction of using raw order book 
states directly, using more advanced ANN architectures to 
automatically extract feature representations amenable to 
forward return regression or classification tasks. One such 
model is DeepLOB (Zhang, Zohren, and Roberts 2019a), 
which uses a deep neural network architecture with con -
volutional layers and an inception module (Szegedy, Liu, 
Jia, Sermanet, Reed, Anguelov, Erhan, Vanhoucke, and 
Rabinovich 2015) also based on convolutional layers. 
Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) were originally devel -
oped for visual classification tasks, such as handwritten 
digit recognition or classifying images based on their con -
tent. The start of the current popularity of CNNs came with 
AlexNet (Krizhevsky, Sutskever, and Hinton 2012) and its 
superior performance on the ImageNet challenge, a classi -
fication problem of a large database of images with more 
than 1,000 prediction classes. Convolutional layers act as 
local filters on an image, aggregating local information in 
every special region. During learning, the weights of many 
such filters are updated as the overall system learns to 
recognize distinct features in the data, such as horizontal or 
vertical lines, corners, and regions of similar contrast. LOBs 
can be likened to images because they also contain local 
information; for example, price and volume information at 
each level of the book can be combined with adjacent levels 
to automatically extract new features using convolutional 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  103layers. Similarly, CNNs can learn local temporal information 
by convolving order book states over the time dimension.
Building on this analogy between images and LOBs, the 
state-of-the-art deep learning model DeepLOB (Zhang 
et al. 2019a), which uses raw order book states directly as 
inputs to the network, constitutes a new tool in the execu -
tion toolbox. This type of model currently provides the most 
accurate short-term price signals, which can be used to 
improve execution trajectories. To improve the robustness 
of forecasts, DeepLOB can also be extended to perform 
quantile regression on the forward return distribution 
(Zhang, Zohren, and Roberts 2019b). To do this, the final 
LSTM layer of the network is split into multiple separate 
parallel parts for as many quantiles as should be forecast, 
and each network branch uses a corresponding quantile 
loss function. Quantile predictions can then be combined to 
compute more robust point estimates and add a measure 
of uncertainty and risk for the practitioner. Training separate 
models for the bid and ask sides has the additional advan -
tage of producing estimates of the market spread, which 
can help in deciding the prices at which the order should 
be placed and whether the spread should be crossed.
To improve the planning of an execution schedule, a point-
in-time price forecast can be useful; ultimately, however, 
a price path over the execution horizon would be more 
beneficial for concrete planning. Using ideas from natural 
language processing and machine translation, a sequence-
to-sequence model with an attention mechanism can be 
used to achieve such multihorizon return forecasts using 
LOB data (Zhang and Zohren 2021). To translate written text 
from one language to another, the idea of the sequence-to-
sequence model (Sutskever, Vinyals, and Le 2014) is to use 
an LSTM encoder to learn a representation of a sentence as 
a fixed-length vector and then use a separate LSTM-based 
decoder to again translate this vector representation into 
the target language. Adapting this idea to predict return 
trajectories, the model in Zhang and Zohren (2021) uses 
the DeepLOB network (Zhang et al. 2019a) as an encoder, 
while an attention mechanism  (Vaswani, Shazeer, Parmar, 
Uszkoreit, Jones, Gomez, Kaiser, and Polosukhin 2017) 
allows using selected hidden states of the encoder layers 
in the decoding step, producing the forecast time series. 
This way, the model drastically improves forecasting perfor -
mance over longer time horizons as forecasts sequentially 
build on each other in an autoregressive fashion.
Because deep learning models benefit from large amounts 
of data, in the extreme case, models could even be trained 
on market-by-order messages directly. Given that deep 
order flow imbalance models already showed the advan -
tage of this more stationary data source, using all the raw 
data in a deep learning framework is a logical next step.From Integrating Predictive 
Signals into Execution 
Algorithms to Automatically 
Learning Policies Using 
Reinforcement Learning
An execution strategy in an LOB market can be viewed as 
essentially two dimensional. One dimension is how very 
large order volumes are sliced up over time, while the 
other dimension describes the prices at which slices are 
placed in the order book. A simple TWAP strategy might, for 
instance, split a large order uniformly over time and always 
place marketable limit orders by crossing the spread (see 
Exhibit 2 ). This would imply, however, that half the spread 
is lost with every trade relative to the mid-price, incurring 
slippage costs even if the mid-price stays constant over the 
entire execution time. In contrast, placing trades passively 
by using limit orders at the near touch (i.e., without crossing 
the spread) has the opposite effect of earning half a spread 
whenever a marketable order is placed in the opposing 
direction. The downside of passive orders is that execution 
is uncertain and depends on other market participants’ 
order flow and future price moves. Thus, if one had a direc -
tional signal of future prices, it would be sensible to deviate 
from the simple TWAP strategy. For example, if the execution 
task is to sell a block of shares, a favorable price signal 
might indicate that the mid-price is expected to rise; hence, 
a slice of the order could be placed more passively deeper in 
the book (at a higher price), anticipating that a price swing 
Exhibit 2. Simple TWAP Strategy
TimeTWAP Target TrajectoryTraded Volume
T t
Note:  This exhibit shows an illustration of an execution schedule 
with a linear TWAP target trajectory and executed discrete slices 
as blocks over time around the target trajectory.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
104   CFA Institute Research Foundationcould complete the trade. If price forecasts point downward, 
however, a market order could still make use of the higher 
price by executing a slice before the move happens.
Using a combination of ML models, we can thus engineer 
a complete execution strategy. An example algorithm 
might work as follows. Volatility forecasts, obtained using 
any method from historical averaging over generalized 
autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity (GARCH) 
models to deep learning, can be used to schedule either 
the time allowed for an execution ticket or the amount of 
front-loading over a fixed time horizon by controlling how 
execution slice sizes decrease over time. Using ML fore -
casts of trade volume, we can further modulate execution 
schedules by proportionately changing future slice sizes 
with expected volume forecasts. Predicted price paths can 
then be used to fine-tune the strategy by varying place -
ment levels (prices) dynamically. Should we expect a favor -
able price move, we would place a passive limit order in the 
book at the first level—or even deeper into the book if the 
expected price move is sufficiently large. Such a strategy 
could be refined in various ways—for example, by using a 
probabilistic level placement to increase the probability 
of passive placements with more favorable price moves 
and wider spread forecasts. A probabilistic strategy also 
has the benefit of being less predictable by other market 
participants, who might want to exploit the effect that 
large orders have in moving the market.
Another ML approach encompassing the execution prob -
lem uses reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms to plan 
the execution trajectory. RL—and especially deep RL using 
deep neural networks—has been tremendously successful 
in solving complex problems, from learning to play games 
(Mnih, Kavukcuoglu, Silver, Graves, Antonoglou, Wierstra, 
and Riedmiller 2013) to predicting three-dimensional pro -
tein structures from genomic data (Jumper, Evans, Pritzel, 
Green, Figurnov, Ronneberger, Tunyasuvunakool, Bates, 
Žídek, Potapenko, et al. 2021). In the execution context, 
Ning, Lin, and Jaimungal (2021) describe a good example 
using deep RL for optimal execution problems using double 
Q-learning (Hasselt 2010), employing a modern algorithm 
previously used to train autonomous agents to play Atari 
games at a superhuman level from raw pixel input.
On a theoretical level, the execution problem can be 
framed as a partially observable Markov decision process 
(POMDP), which can be amenable to being solved using RL 
algorithms. The RL learning paradigm works analogously 
to biological learning processes in animals and humans. 
The agent, our execution algorithm, interacts with a market 
environment in state s, which describes all information 
necessary to characterize the current state of the market, 
by performing an action, a, thereby transitioning the state 
to s' = T(s,a). The environment state is further assumed to satisfy the Markov property, which means that past states 
do not add any further relevant information for the future. 
The agent, however, perceives not the entire state of the 
world but only an observation, o’ = obs(s ’), and hence does 
usually not know the underlying state exactly. In addition 
to the new observation o’ at each step, the learner also 
receives a reward signal, r. Based on the reward signal, the 
RL algorithm learns over time which sequence of actions 
leads to the highest expected cumulative rewards.
Observational features for the RL algorithm might include 
various data from the LOB, including such handcrafted fea -
tures as order flow imbalance and order book imbalance, 
or even specific model predictions, such as future price 
paths, spreads, or volatility. In the extreme case, using 
deep RL can help one even learn policies directly from raw 
order book data. Rewards in this scenario are usually based 
on incurred slippage during training.
A difficulty in real-world RL applications is that training the 
algorithm necessarily must be done in a simulated envi -
ronment. The most basic kind of “simulator” simply uses 
historical market prices. This approach limits the action 
space to timing market orders, because past prices alone 
cannot determine whether a limit order would have been 
executed or not. Another shortcoming of relying solely on 
historical prices for simulation is that trades do not gener -
ate any market impact, because neither do they take away 
liquidity in the book nor can they cause any other market 
participant to react to the trade. To alleviate the latter prob -
lem, simulation environments are sometimes enhanced 
with stochastic models of price impact to represent more 
realistic costs of aggressive trading. Another approach to 
help with the former problem of handling limit orders is to 
model the environment as a complete market replay using 
market-by-order data. This way, new market or even limit 
orders can be injected into the historical order flow. This 
approach accurately handles how the order would have 
been executed at the time.
However, this alone does not solve the problem of coun -
terfactual behavior by other agents. For example, if one of 
our orders is executed, it might imply that someone else’s 
order was not executed. They then might have placed 
another order at a different price; however, this is not repre -
sented in the historical data. One approach to handle these 
counterfactual scenarios is agent-based modeling, which 
represents individual traders explicitly in a simulation. 
These simulated agents follow their own trading strategies 
and can react to changes in the market caused by our 
execution algorithm, as well as to actions and reactions of 
other agents. Capturing realistic trading behavior remains 
a challenging task, and building realistic LOB models is the 
subject of active research.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  105Conclusion
How large trades are optimally executed depends on the 
details of a market’s microstructure environment. We have 
described price–time priority LOB markets, because this is 
the most common market design at major exchanges trad -
ing cash equities, futures, and options. Limit order books 
thus provide a wealth of high-frequency data that can be 
used for developing data-driven execution algorithms using 
ML methods. LOB data can be used to engineer informative 
features for the prediction of a range of relevant variables: 
spreads, trade volume, volatility, and even short-term price 
movements (fast alpha signals). Separate ML models, each 
predicting a different variable, can then be combined into a 
sophisticated execution algorithm that plans an execution 
trajectory in both the volume and placement level (price) 
dimension.
The trend in ML research more generally points in the 
direction of using growing computer resources to further 
automate feature extraction from raw data instead of 
relying on handcrafted features. The DeepLOB model from 
Zhang et al. (2019a) and further models building on it are 
good examples demonstrating that this trend also holds in 
finance and particularly for trade execution. Given expan -
sive LOB datasets and current computer power, deep learn -
ing models are already outperforming simpler models in 
many tasks, such as generating fast alpha signals. Taking 
trade automation a step further, RL offers an appealing 
framework to reduce slippage costs by letting an execution 
algorithm learn to take optimal actions directly. Actions can 
be defined on varying levels of abstraction—from choosing 
parameters in an existing execution algorithm dynamically 
to placing trades outright. The research outlook in ML for 
execution shows a path toward more complete end-to-end 
execution systems using more advanced deep learning 
and (deep) RL algorithms and architectures, improving 
predictive performance while maintaining critical issues, 
such as model robustness.
References
Almgren, Robert, and Neil Chriss. 2000. “Optimal Execution 
of Portfolio Transactions.” Journal of Risk  3 (2): 5–39 . 
Cartea, Álvaro, and Sebastian Jaimungal. 2016. “A Closed-
Form Execution Strategy to Target Volume Weighted 
Average Price.” SIAM Journal on Financial Mathematics  
7 (1): 760–85 . 
Cont, Rama, Arseniy Kukanov, and Sasha Stoikov. 2014. 
“The Price Impact of Order Book Events.” Journal of Financial 
Econometrics  12 (1): 47–88 . 
Hasselt, Hado. 2010. “Double Q-Learning.” In Advances in 
Neural Information Processing Systems 23 (NIPS 2010) , edited by J. Lafferty, C. Williams, J. Shawe-Taylor, R. Zemel, 
and A. Culotta. https://papers.nips.cc/paper/2010/
hash/091d584fced301b442654dd8c23b3fc9-Abstract.
html .
Jumper, J., R. Evans, A. Pritzel, T. Green, M. Figurnov, 
O. Ronneberger, K. Tunyasuvunakool, R. Bates, 
A. Žídek, A. Potapenko, et al. 2021. “Highly Accurate Protein 
Structure Prediction with AlphaFold.” Nature  596: 583–89 . 
Kato, Takashi. 2015. “VWAP Execution as an Optimal 
Strategy.” JSIAM Letters  7: 33–36 . 
Kolm, Petter, Jeremy Turiel, and Nicholas Westray. 2021. 
“Deep Order Flow Imbalance: Extracting Alpha at Multiple 
Horizons from the Limit Order Book.” Working paper 
(5 August) . Available at https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/
papers.cfm?abstract_id=3900141 . 
Krizhevsky, A., I. Sutskever, and G. E. Hinton. 2012. 
“ImageNet Classification with Deep Convolutional 
Neural Networks.” Advances in Neural Information 
Processing Systems 25 (NIPS 2012) , edited by F. Pereira, 
C. J. Burges, L. Bottou, and K. Q. Weinberger. https://
papers.nips.cc/paper/2012/hash/c399862d3b9d6b -
76c8436e924a68c45b-Abstract.html . 
Mnih, V., K. Kavukcuoglu, D. Silver, A. Graves, I. Antonoglou, 
D. Wierstra, and M. Riedmiller. 2013. “Playing Atari with Deep 
Reinforcement Learning.” NIPS Deep Learning Workshop 
2013. Cornell University, arXiv:1312.5602 (19 December). 
https://arxiv.org/abs/1312.5602 .
Ning, Brian, Franco Ho Ting Lin, and Sebastian Jaimungal. 
2021. “Double Deep Q-Learning for Optimal Execution.” 
Applied Mathematical Finance  28 (4): 361–80 . 
Sutskever, Ilya, Oriol Vinyals, and Quoc V. Le. 2014. 
“Sequence to Sequence Learning with Neural Networks.” 
Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 27 
(NIPS 2014) , edited by Z. Ghahramani, M. Welling, C. Cortes, 
N. Lawrence, and K.Q. Weinberger. https://papers.nips.
cc/paper/2014/hash/a14ac55a4f27472c5d894ec -
1c3c743d2-Abstract.html .
Szegedy, C., W. Liu, Y. Jia, P. Sermanet, S. Reed, D. 
Anguelov, D. Erhan, V. Vanhoucke, and A. Rabinovich. 2015. 
“Going Deeper with Convolutions.” Proceedings of the 
2015 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern 
Recognition . 
Vaswani, A., N. Shazeer, N. Parmar, J. Uszkoreit, L. Jones, 
A. N. Gomez, Ł. Kaiser, and I. Polosukhin. 2017. “Attention Is 
All You Need.” Advances in Neural Information Processing 
Systems 30 (NIPS 2017) , edited by I. Guyon, U. Von Luxburg, 
S. Bengio, H. Wallach, R. Fergus, S. Vishwanathan, and 
R. Garnett. https://papers.nips.cc/paper/2017/hash/
3f5ee243547dee91fbd053c1c4a845aa-Abstract.html . 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
106   CFA Institute Research FoundationZhang, Zihao, Stefan Zohren, and Stephen Roberts. 2019a. 
“DeepLOB: Deep Convolutional Neural Networks for Limit 
Order Books.” IEEE Transactions on Signal Processing  
67 (11): 3001–12 . 
Zhang, Zihao, Stefan Zohren, and Stephen Roberts. 2019b. 
“Extending Deep Learning Models for Limit Order Books to 
Quantile Regression.” Time Series Workshop of the 36th 
International Conference on Machine Learning. Cornell 
University, arXiv:1906.04404 (11 June). https://arxiv.org/
abs/1906.04404 .Zhang, Zihao, and Stefan Zohren. 2021. “Multi-Horizon 
Forecasting for Limit Order Books: Novel Deep Learning 
Approaches and Hardware Acceleration Using Intelligent 
Processing Units.” Cornell University, arXiv:2105.10430 
(27 August). https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.10430 .

IV. CHATBOT, KNOWLEDGE GRAPHS, 
AND AI INFRASTRUCTUREHANDBOOK OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
AND BIG DATA APPLICATIONS IN  
INVESTMENTS
This book can be found at cfainstitute.org/ai-and-big-data

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
108   CFA Institute Research Foundation9. INTELLIGENT CUSTOMER SERVICE IN FINANCE
Xu Liang, PhD
Chief Engineer, Ping An OneConnect
1This information came from DBS Bank’s Marketplace website: www.dbs.com.sg/personal/marketplace/  (accessed 15 June 2020).
2For more information, see the Mordor Intelligence report titled “Intelligent Virtual Assistant (IVA) Market—Growth, Trends, COVID-19 Impact, and 
Forecasts (2023–2028)”: www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/intelligent-virtual-assistant-market?gclid=EAIaIQobChMI9Ki1i-nf_  
QIVuxCtBh1ZdARcEAAYASAAEgJGovD_BwE .Development of AI-Enabled 
Intelligent Customer Service 
in the Financial Industry
The ubiquitous penetration of internet and big data appli -
cations has led to tremendous changes in consumers’ 
behavior patterns and lifestyles, raising the expectations 
and requirements for financial services while steering ser -
vice channels and models toward greater personalization. 
However, the traditional IT plus human customer service 
model can barely cope with the expanding user scale and 
service needs that have become increasingly diversified 
and fragmented. This situation intensifies the conflict 
between the limited availability of human customer services 
and massive volumes of customer inquiries and service 
needs. Financial institutions continue to add customer ser -
vice positions, but the customer service function frequently 
falls into the operational trap of sharp increases in labor 
costs, fragmentation of user needs, and lower service sat -
isfaction (Liping 2018). There is a pressing need for financial 
institutions to convert their customer service systems into 
intelligent digital systems to improve customer service 
responsiveness, optimize service experience, and at the 
same time, reduce costs and boost efficiency.
With the development of a new generation of intelligent 
technologies, intelligent customer service systems pow -
ered by artificial intelligence (AI) technologies, such as big 
data analysis, knowledge engineering, machine learning 
(ML), and intelligent voice, can build the bridge to interact 
with those using media, such as text, voice, and images, 
as well as to assist in human conversations, quality inspec -
tion, and business processing and, in turn, to lower the 
manpower costs for financial institutions and improve their 
service response efficiency. Compared with traditional 
customer service systems, AI-driven intelligent customer 
service offers significant advantages in various dimen -
sions—such as channels, efficiency, and data—driving cus -
tomer service centers to shift to a digital operation model 
powered by AI (Yuan 2021). Besides addressing the pain 
points of traditional customer service, AI-based intelligent 
customer service also helps financial institutions build 
closed-loop data value chains that enable the monetization of data and accelerate their transition to become smarter 
digital enterprises.1
On the one hand, the intelligent and digital transformation 
of customer service will significantly improve companies’ 
operational efficiency and reduce costs to enhance cost 
efficiency. Intelligent customer service empowers enter -
prises to better identify the true needs of customers, 
leading to a more efficient allocation of customer service 
resources that improves business processing efficiency 
and reduces manpower costs. In addition, companies can 
upgrade their products and services according to customer 
requirements obtained from customer insights to boost a 
company’s profitability.
On the other hand, intelligent customer service will offer 
better user experience, enhance a company’s reputation, 
increase user satisfaction, and create a differentiated 
brand image in its role to reinforce positive incentives in 
both directions. Intelligent customer service can support 
omni-channel services, satisfy customer inquiries anytime 
and anywhere, offer customers a personalized service 
experience, and improve customer satisfaction. Moreover, 
an increase in user recommendations generated from 
improvements in digital service capabilities will help build 
the brand image and strengthen the brand’s competitive -
ness. According to a McKinsey survey conducted in 2019 
(Breuer, Fanderl, Hedwig, and Meuer 2020), user recom -
mendations of banks increased significantly with improve -
ments in the banks’ digital service capabilities. Companies 
in the financial industry that have improved their digital 
service capabilities are more likely to receive a higher level 
of user recommendations when compared to other indus -
tries (see Exhibit 1 ).
The COVID-19 pandemic has further spurred the trans -
formation of financial services to a new online and con -
tactless service mode. This creates an unprecedented 
development opportunity for intelligent customer service 
centers, and the outlook for the global intelligent customer 
service market is rosy. The market size of global intelli -
gent contact centers was USD1.07 billion in 2019 and 
is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate 
(CAGR) of 36.45% from 2023 to 2028).2
© 2023 CFA Institute Research Foundation. All rights reserved.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  109The intelligent customer service industry and market in China 
are also booming. According to a survey by Frost & Sullivan 
China, the market size of China’s intelligent customer service 
industry in 2020 was RMB3.01 billion, growing at an explo -
sive rate of 88.1% year over year. As intelligence continues 
to make headway in the industry, the market size of China’s 
intelligent customer service industry will proliferate in the 
next five years and is projected to reach RMB10.25 billion in 
2025 (as shown in Exhibit 2 ), representing a projected CAGR 
of 35.8% from 2020 to 2025 (Yuan 2021).
The intelligent customer service industry is clearly expe -
riencing a rapid growth with huge demand. Intelligent 
customer service systems will bring more value to finan -
cial institutions and strengthen their competitiveness. 
Currently, the industry is at the crossroads of divergence 
and reshuffling as giant players begin to emerge. Intelligent 
customer service is reshaping the value of the customer 
service center, transforming it from a cost driver to a value 
driver. The onset of the 5G era also brought new opportu -
nities for the industry. Real-time interoperability, intercon -
nection of all things, and innovative intelligent customer 
service application scenarios and formats combine to 
make real-time and intuitive interactive dialogue the goal and development direction for future R&D in intelligent 
customer service.
No matter where the financial institutions are in their digital 
transformation stage, the overall landscape of the financial 
industry has been fundamentally altered by the COVID-19 
pandemic. In the future, financial institutions will have to 
compete and win in new ways.
The COVID-19 pandemic will have a far-reaching impact 
on future financial services in several aspects, includ -
ing customer behavior, products and services, business 
operations (front-/middle-/back-office), operating models, 
external cooperation, and working methods.
• As digital channels become the “basic offering,” 
financial institutions must innovate to create 
unique customer service experiences.
As the COVID-19 pandemic accelerates the digita -
lization of front-office functions, customer experi -
ence differentiation in such areas as online account 
opening and login, one-click loan underwriting, and 
remote claim settlement will form the new fundamen -
tal requirements for customer service. Investment in Exhibit 1. Relationship between Customers’ Willingness to Recommend 
a Service Provider and Digital Service Capabilities in Various Industries
209.00
8.00
7.00
6.00
5.00
30 40 50 60
Availability of Digital Services (%)Customer
Willingness to
Recommend
Service
Provider
Scale: 0–10
70 80 90
Mobile Providers Energy Providers Banking Health Insurance Car Insurance
Source:  Breuer et al. (2020).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
110   CFA Institute Research Foundationthese areas may be the key for financial institutions 
to attract and retain their customers. To establish a 
differentiated value proposition, financial institutions 
can further explore products and services that meet 
customers’ non-financial needs. In the case of banks 
in Asia, DBS Bank’s Marketplace platform allows cus -
tomers to search for, buy, and sell properties and cars; 
book their trips; and even compare and switch their 
payment plans for utilities (water and electricity).3 
These trends are apparent in both retail and corporate 
financial services, and financial institutions have to 
adjust their value proposition accordingly.
Likewise, the “last mile” of digital services may be the 
next arena as financial institutions strive to offer more 
personal and human digital interactions. To this end, 
financial institutions need to use more data to better 
understand their customers in order to deliver prod -
ucts that meet customer needs via the right channel 
at the right time.
Furthermore, even as financial institutions directly 
assign more control to customers with digital capa -
bilities and self-service capabilities, there is still a 
need to maintain the human experience with branch 
3For more information, go to the platform’s website: www.dbs.com.sg/personal/marketplace/ .offices and call centers. Once viewed as a traditional 
solution, call centers are now becoming more import -
ant. In addition, financial institutions should speed 
up the transformation of their branches to achieve a 
balance between supply and demand. New concepts 
and automatic teller machines (ATMs) with more 
autonomy offering the suite of legacy services and 
functions that was previously exclusive to branches 
may emerge, business outlets may be further inte -
grated, and full-service branches may be reorganized 
to become specialized consulting centers.
• A focus on service costs will be key to adapting to 
the new industrial economy and surviving difficult 
times.
The recent market contractions are likely to continue. 
With additional pressure on profits, digital transfor -
mation may become an important means to improve 
efficiency and optimize costs. According to recent sur -
veys by the European Central Bank (ECB), the average 
cost-to-income ratio for digital-only banks is 47%, well 
below the average for smaller banks (73%). Although 
digital-only banks are in the early stages of develop -
ment, the difference in this ratio also highlights the Exhibit 2. China’s Intelligent Customer Service Market Size, 2019–2025E
12.824.139.053.469.576.082.0
1.32.43.95.37.07.68.2
1.93.65.88.010.411.412.3
16.030.148.766.786.995.0102.5
020406080100120
2019 2020 2021E 2022E 2023E 2024E 2025ERenminbi (100 millions)
Software Output Hardware Output Support Service Output
Source:  Yuan (2021).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  111many cost advantages that full digitalization can bring 
(Deloitte 2020).
For traditional financial institutions, bridging the tech -
nology gap aggressively will significantly improve 
long-term operational efficiency and accelerate 
industry modernization and digitization (such as 
public cloud and AI). Technology investments may 
be more challenging in the macro business and 
economic environment, but in the long run, the elim -
ination of structural costs through comprehensive 
digital transformation will be important for traditional 
financial institutions as they compete with digitally 
savvy newcomers. To achieve this outcome, traditional 
financial institutions have to look beyond conventional 
investment horizon preferences (i.e., more than three 
to five years).
To sum up, despite an unknown future fraught with uncer -
tainty, the development trend of the financial services 
industry that will follow the end of the COVID-19 pandemic 
has already been set in motion. Over the next year, financial 
institutions will have the unique opportunity in the retail 
and small business spaces to build trust and loyalty among 
customers by being responsive to customer needs and 
providing quality services.
To this end, financial institutions have to align the services 
they offer with the current situation and accelerate their 
digital and intelligent development with a sense of urgency. 
Most importantly, however, they need to better adapt to 
customer needs. Customer trust and loyalty (and even will -
ingness to share data) will come and go depending on how 
well the financial institutions build trust and loyalty.
Classification and Typical 
Application Scenarios 
of AI-Based Intelligent 
Customer Service in the 
Financial Industry
With the rapid development of fintech in China, the pene -
tration rate of intelligent customer service in the financial 
industry continues to rise. The key role of intelligent customer 
service is to assist human operators and take over repetitive 
basic inquiries to free up manpower. However, problems 
related to specialized topics often require an intervention 
involving both intelligent and human customer services.
Classification
Based on the specific customer service duties, intelligent 
customer service can be divided into three types: service 
oriented, investment advisory, and outbound.Service-oriented customer service
Service-oriented customer service applies natural language 
understanding formed from training with a large corpus 
and develops context models according to specific busi -
ness scenarios to conduct a natural dialogue and ques -
tion-and-answer session with users. It fulfills the service 
requirements for a natural dialogue and addresses the 
customer’s service needs in general scenarios, such as 
account top-up and transfer, as well as business issues. 
The service is the most common basic application scenario 
of intelligent customer service in the banking industry. 
Currently, financial institutions in China have adopted 
such technology in PCs and mobile terminals. On the one 
hand, service-oriented customer service can automatically 
answer many repetitive basic inquiries to relieve the work 
pressure of human agents to a great extent. On the other 
hand, it can respond quickly to customer needs as soon 
as the user encounters a problem, making it convenient 
for customers to seek solutions, which promotes service 
satisfaction.
As AI technology progresses, service-oriented customer 
service will continue to improve in terms of recognition 
accuracy and diversity of responses to user inquiries and 
even provide different answers according to different ser -
vices and scenarios. For example, the Ping An Pocket Bank 
app can provide targeted answers to inquiries based on the 
type of bank card held by the customer. This capability fur -
ther bolsters service quality and user satisfaction.
Investment advisory customer service
As the Chinese economy has continued to develop, dis -
posable income per capita has gradually increased, and 
beyond the expenses to fulfill basic daily living needs, the 
demand for asset appreciation has intensified. Investment 
advisory customer service has emerged to meet the 
investment and wealth management needs of financial 
customers. It can use algorithms and wealth management 
know-how to analyze users according to different risk pref -
erences, expectations on returns, and investment direc -
tions and match users with various products offered by 
financial institutions. Users get investment recommenda -
tions on the type, scale, and timing of investment products, 
and the system also tracks the customer’s investment 
returns to adjust such investment recommendations 
accordingly. Today, more and more financial institutions 
are deploying investment advisory customer services. 
Companies can use relevant codes developed on mobile 
terminals to allow investors to conveniently access invest -
ment advice and analysis reports on their mobile phones. 
As AI technology continues to advance, there will be further 
improvements in the capabilities of investment advisory 
customer service to offer a better service experience to 
financial customers.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
112   CFA Institute Research FoundationOutbound customer service
Strong demand for telemarketing in the banking industry 
coupled with the need to curtail rising manpower and oper -
ating costs translate to increasing demand for outbound 
customer service. The conventional outbound customer ser -
vice has to deal with not only manpower cost constraints 
but also extensive training for the agents, which drains a lot 
of resources. Moreover, data have demonstrated that the 
success rate of traditional telemarketing is relatively low. 
With technology advancements, the banking industry has 
initiated many studies on intelligent outbound customer 
service. The service can verify the user identity and, at the 
same time, provide users with simple feedback and guid -
ance to complete the relevant sales and marketing process. 
Continuous technology optimization enables outbound 
customer service to gradually strengthen language skills, 
allowing it to offer the same dialogue capability and service 
experience as human agents and handle tasks that were 
originally performed by humans to save the related costs.
Typical Use Cases
Intelligent customer service is mainly applied in two sce -
narios: presales services and after-sales services. Presales 
services are mainly deployed in telemarketing scenarios 
and used to improve call efficiency, data security, and ser -
vice quality control. After-sales services are mainly for cus -
tomer consultation and service callbacks, and the key is to 
meet the accuracy requirements of outbound products.
By sector
Different sectors in the financial industry, such as insur -
ance, banking, internet finance, and securities, have vary -
ing requirements for intelligent customer service due to 
their inherent business characteristics (see Exhibit 3 ).Insurance
Insurance is a relatively complex business; every user has 
unique requirements from insurance purchase to claims. 
Therefore, the insurance industry has relatively high 
requirements on the intelligence level of the intelligent 
customer service, which has a direct impact on customer 
satisfaction, retention, and conversion.
Banking
The main banking applications are in handling highly 
repetitive queries, providing response services during 
peak periods, and providing intelligent collection services. 
Intelligent customer service mainly assists human cus -
tomer service agents and frees up manpower during peak 
periods.
Fintech
Similar to banks, customer service in the fintech industry 
has to deal with a large volume of repetitive inquires, so 
intelligent customer service is mainly deployed to handle 
highly repetitive queries, with the intelligence focused 
on such areas as intelligent debt collection and smart 
marketing.
Securities
As with the banking industry, customer service in the 
securities industry also has to deal with a large volume of 
repetitive basic inquiries. Here, intelligent customer ser -
vice is mainly used to address inquiries on basic problems 
in the securities sector, with the intelligence applied in 
smart stock selection and analysis, as well as smart push 
services.
Exhibit 3. Application and Business Scenarios of Intelligent Customer Service 
in Various Financial Sectors
Banking
The main applications are in
handling highly  repetitive queries,
providing response services during
peak periods, and supplying int elligen t
collection services.Insurance
Enquiries on insurance-relat ed
issues such as insurance
purchase are relatively  complex,
and the level of int elligent service
will aff ect cust omer  retention and
conversion.
Internet Finance
Similar  to banking, the main
application is in handling highly
repetitive inquiries.  Intelligence is
focused on int elligent collection
and smart mark eting.Securities
It is mainly  used to  address inquirie s
on basic pr oblems in the securities
sect or, with the int elligence applied in
smart st ock selection and analysis, as
well as smart push services.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  113Within sectors
Within sectors (in banking, for example), the applica -
tion scenarios of AI can be divided into the following 
six categories.
Robots in intelligent voice navigation 
and service scenarios
Application concept:  To the extent that customers are 
receptive to robots, voice robots are used in navigation and 
service scenarios to improve service quality, reduce costs, 
and improve efficiency.
Today, applications using intelligent voice navigation robots 
have matured and are widely adopted by large banks. 
However, it is still possible to further expand the application 
of this technology. In terms of intelligent voice applications, 
due consideration should be taken to incorporate customer 
complaints, customer acceptance, and scene adaptability. 
Aggregate analysis based on the two dimensions of cus -
tomer attributes and scene responsibility should be carried 
out to identify the most suitable business scenarios for 
robot applications and the type of customers who are most 
receptive to robots. Robots can be gradually introduced to 
eventually encompass all scenarios to reduce costs and 
improve efficiency. At the same time, customers’ accep -
tance of robots has to be examined for service quality.
Smart identity verification with voiceprint
Application concept:  Reduce costs and mitigate risks by 
using voiceprint to identify customers to reduce verifica -
tion time, shorten the overall call duration, and retrieve 
historical recordings to identify counterfeit and fraudulent 
voiceprints.
Currently, the application scenarios and technical practice 
are still being developed for this technology. The recom -
mended approach is to supplement the identity verification 
process with voiceprint technology when the service is 
being performed. With the permission of the customer, a 
customer voiceprint record is established that will be used 
together with other identification techniques to seamlessly 
verify the customer’s identity for any incoming service 
request or inquiry from the customer. This will promptly 
identify incoming calls from parties impersonating the cus -
tomer while reducing the time taken to verify the custom -
er’s identity to improve the customer experience.
Intelligent quality inspection
Application concept:  Improve cost efficiency by substitut -
ing labor with quality inspection robots to perform objec -
tive and comprehensive inspections, reduce the need for 
manual and repeated playing of recordings, and pinpoint 
problems quickly.Currently, this application technology and scenario have 
already matured, but there is still room for enhanced 
technology empowerment. An offline quality inspection 
system is suitable for service optimization. Once a cus -
tomer problem is found, the offline quality inspection model 
can quickly locate similar problems in the database and 
determine the appropriate improvements. Real-time qual -
ity inspection is suitable for correcting customer service 
habits. It monitors the dialogue process between the cus -
tomer service agents and customers, identifies the prob -
lems, and provides feedback promptly to correct mistakes 
by the customer service agents.
Intelligent human–machine collaboration
Application concept:  Reduce costs and improve efficiency 
by analyzing the interaction linkages of the scenarios in the 
process flow and select business scenarios that can be 
substituted by robots.
The specifications for such applications are currently 
being developed. To engage customers using a mix of 
robot outbound call and human collaboration, start from 
the business operation process, subdivide the key inter -
action links of all scenarios in the end-to-end process, as 
well as the characteristics of customers who called, and 
match with the robot capabilities one by one to select the 
business scenarios and customer types that the robots 
can serve to improve customer satisfaction and business 
conversion rates.
Online service and sales
Application concept:  Based on the text robot or chatbot, 
online service and sales use big data analysis and product 
configuration to recommend interactions for the center. 
It provides precise recommendations on touch points to 
complete service and offers sales and operations with 
better performance and precision—and thus manages 
to improve user experience and contributes to business 
indicators.
Customer centers and remote banks have higher require -
ments for text robots. The systems should be designed for 
flexibility to offer more diversity in service formats and facil -
itate operations and maintenance for greater convenience 
and speed. The goal is to achieve rapid coverage of service 
channels (such as WeChat, Weibo, and TikTok) and build 
capabilities to integrate services with marketing efforts.
Smart knowledge management
Application concept:  Establish a knowledge management 
platform that supports all channels (agents, robots, cus -
tomers), forming a centralized maintenance system to 
reduce repeated purchases and investments as well as to 
cut costs and improve efficiency.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
114   CFA Institute Research FoundationThe application should standardize the method used to 
organize the knowledge based on the service character -
istics and scope, guiding each department to break down 
the knowledge systematically to implement the fragmenta -
tion, structuring, and labeling of scenario-based knowledge 
content.
Building a Financial Intelligent 
Customer Service Process
The development of financial intelligent customer service 
often requires the active participation of business analysts 
and implementation personnel in the early stage, online 
optimization of the customer service system, in-depth 
access to the businesses, and the organization of the 
business processes and user inquiry scenarios for a tight 
integration of the business and intelligent customer service 
functions with customizable configuration for the pro -
cesses. The development of a financial intelligent customer 
service system can be divided into two parts: system con -
struction and operation optimization.
System Construction
Before a financial institution builds an intelligent customer 
service system, first it needs to define the architecture of 
such a system by organizing the structure of the system 
and clarifying the composition, functional modules, and 
business applications that must be supported for the 
system. After which, it can carry out the work to implement 
the customer service system by technological means. The intelligent customer service architecture for the 
financial domain is shown in Exhibit 4 .
Currently, the intelligent customer service architecture for 
the Financial Domain consists of at least five components: 
interactions, graph construction, knowledge graph mainte -
nance, intelligent Q&A, and back-office management. More 
functional modules can be derived from the interactions 
module, such as multiple rounds of Q&A, smart recommen -
dation, H5 page display, knowledge graph visualization, 
self-service queries, and intelligent replies. Corresponding 
intelligent financial applications can be derived from a 
combination of various functions and embedded interac -
tive formats, and these include applications for credit risk 
control, financial management advice, business process -
ing, scenario display, knowledge search, presales, sales, 
and postsales.
The deployment modes for intelligent customer service 
include public cloud, hybrid cloud, and private deploy -
ment. The main differences between the three modes are 
reflected in such areas as data privacy, construction cost, 
and deployment cycles. Different modes meet the needs of 
different customers.
Of the three modes, deployment using the public cloud 
has the lowest construction cost and shortest deployment 
cycle, which is suitable for SMEs (small and midsize enter -
prises) that want to quickly build their intelligent customer 
service capabilities. On-premise deployment requires enter -
prises to establish their own technical teams; although 
the construction cost is high, such a deployment greatly 
enhances data privacy and security, which are suitable Exhibit 4. Intelligent Customer Service Architecture for the Financial Domain
Smart credit risk contr ol
Smart w ealth managemen t
recommendation
Smart transaction
processing
Smart scenario displa y
Smart knowledge inquiry
Smart
pre-/mid-/ after-sales
……Customer service
system compositionFunctional
moduleFinancial
applications
Back -office monit oring
managemen tSmart question ans wering sy stemKnowledge map maint enanceBuilding a knowledge mapInteraction moduleMultiple ro unds of Q&A
Smart recommendation
H5 page displa y
Knowledge map visualiz ation
Self-service queries
Smart replies
……

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  115for large enterprises. A hybrid cloud deployment combines 
the characteristics of the previous two deployment meth -
ods. Although it uses the public cloud platform, the data 
are stored locally, and such a deployment may become 
the mainstream deployment mode for intelligent customer 
service in the future. Currently, on-premises deployment 
is still the market mainstream, but cloud deployment is 
increasingly favored by the market owing to its low cost, 
fast deployment, and agile iteration.
An excellent intelligent customer service system should 
have expertise in knowledge graph as its basis, supple -
mented by advanced speech semantic recognition and 
understanding technologies to deliver an outstanding inter -
active experience. At the same time, it can fulfill as many 
business functions as possible and enable access to the 
capabilities of many platforms and many channels so as 
to quickly deploy customer service capabilities in different 
business environments and support a variety of financial 
scenarios.
Operational Optimization
An intelligent customer service system is not built over -
night. Many financial institutions are not able to achieve 
the business results that their intelligent customer service 
systems were projected to deliver after the systems were 
built or purchased. A major reason is that financial insti -
tutions’ operational processes are generally not designed 
with intelligent customer service in mind and are not able 
to optimize and improve their services. A good intelligent 
customer service system is often the result of cooperation 
between products and business personnel.
The intelligent customer service product has to be sup -
ported by cumulative business expertise and experience in 
AI technology. Business operators need to listen to service 
voice recordings to understand recent user demands and 
be familiar with the business. They also need to be familiar 
with various channels, have an acute business sense, 
maintain communication with business departments, and 
understand the current business, the drivers behind the 
business, and the development trend of the business. They 
also need to acquire and constantly update their business 
knowledge and adjust the corpus in time to ensure that 
the customer service products can meet evolving business 
needs. At the same time, operators need to leverage busi -
ness data to uncover existing problems in products or new 
demands in the industry and constantly iterate the intelli -
gence level of the intelligent customer service system to 
improve the service capability to address inquiries.
A good vendor for intelligent customer service products, 
besides having advanced technologies, should also have 
extensive industry experience and a standard training 
and certification system to help financial institutions build 
an intelligent customer service system that consists of 
not just the hardware but also the soft power that can be derived from operating the intelligent customer ser -
vice product, helping financial institutions gain a true 
understanding of AI so that they can leverage AI in intel -
ligent customer service to achieve the twin goals of cost 
reduction and higher efficiency.
Financial AI Customer 
Service Case Studies
Financial institutions’ diverse needs in serving their cus -
tomers are increasingly met by a slew of AI-integrated 
applications merging voice products with AI technology.
Inbound Call Middle Office
Companies face many challenges in building their own AI 
products, such as repetitive development efforts, the pace 
of adoption not keeping up with business needs, and poor 
robot performance. Inbound call middle-office solutions can 
help enterprises build intelligent customer service systems 
faster and better by addressing these issues.
The middle-office solutions have proven effective in train -
ing new customer service agents and adapting existing 
AI solutions for new business. On the back end, these 
middle-office solutions can connect with and manage AI 
engines, such as natural language understanding (NLU) 
and voice recognition robots, from many vendors. Similarly, 
on the front end, they can accommodate inbound inquiries 
from multiple channels, such as phones or PCs. They also 
offer extensive business solution modules and allow clients 
to quickly build on their existing capabilities and adapt to 
changing business needs.
In one case, OneConnect’s Gamma Mid-Office Voice Access 
helped a large Chinese bank simultaneously launch an 
intelligent assistant and an intelligent tutor within one 
month. The solution adopted the same underlying engine to 
offer two products with a one-time development effort. By 
resetting a variety of robot rules, the solution enabled the 
robots to fulfill new business scenario requirements, distin -
guish between scenarios, and accommodate the needs for 
both scenarios.
Intelligent Outbound Call
Traditional customer service has drawbacks, such as sub -
stantial manpower investment, long training duration, poor 
work efficiency, performance improvement challenges, 
and complex data analysis. There are three major customer 
service pain points in the industry. The first is business 
reminders. Financial institutions have a need for a lot of 
information synchronization and business reminders, such 
as credit card payment reminders and reminders about 
dues for financial products. Sending manual reminders 
will occupy 40% of the daily working hours of an operator 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
116   CFA Institute Research Foundationand usually involves repetitive tasks that lead to low work 
enthusiasm and worsening customer experience. The 
second pain point is financial collection. Take the credit 
industry as an example. Every year, about 70% of overdue 
accounts could be attributed to account holders who 
forgot their repayments, and most of these amounts could 
be recovered after manual reminders and notifications are 
sent. However, manual collection is time consuming, with 
low work efficiency and poor time utilization. The third is 
active marketing, where sales personnel often have to filter 
through a massive number of leads for financial products, 
especially insurance products, which is a time-consuming 
and labor-intensive task that tends to undermine sales 
confidence. The inconsistent grading of customer inten -
tions and the loss of high-quality customer leads are two 
problems that result in the low efficiency and high cost of 
active marketing.
The pain points in the previous scenarios call for an intel -
ligent outbound call solution. With the call center system 
as the base, one such solution layers on a number of AI 
technologies, such as natural language processing (NLP), 
speech recognition, and speech synthesis, replacing 
manual calls with intelligent outbound robots to screen 
intended customers, target customers, and accurately 
classify different customers. By effectively reducing head -
count, the product helps companies improve the customer 
experience and increase their marketing efficiency as it 
steers communications with customers toward greater 
professionalism, automation, and efficiency. In actual 
operations, the results are promising.
The specific process of an outbound robot is as follows:
1. First, the customers may call customer service, which 
is available 24/7. The efficiency is high, service avail -
ability is long, and incoming customer inquiries can be 
attended to at anytime and anywhere.
2. The customer service function will then respond intel -
ligently, and supported by automated speech recogni -
tion (ASR), NLP, and text-to-speech (TTS) technologies, 
the robot can understand and respond to inquiries. In 
short, the intelligent customer service can identify the 
user’s question, match the corresponding answer from 
the database, and provide the answer automatically.
3. The intelligent customer service then automatically 
classifies users according to the contents of the call, 
helping companies accurately target customers and 
acquire a better understanding of the customer’s 
inquiry and pain points.
4. In addition, during this process, customer service will 
record the dialogue and store the complete recording 
and dialogue text, making it convenient to view and 
track the conversation. Furthermore, the complete dia -
logue recording is collected and trained by AI to further 
iterate and upgrade the AI products.5. Customer service will conduct additional data analysis 
and clearly present several data indicators to help 
analyze the call performance and customers’ behavior.
6. Lastly, customer service will automatically optimize 
itself, apply deep learning, and continuously add to the 
corpus to improve its Q&A performance.
In marketing, the system leverages big data to generate 
a 360-degree customer profile, locate target customer 
groups, and predict the customer’s propensity with respect 
to loans, wealth management, and insurance products. 
When appropriate, the system can initiate conversations.
In risk management, the system collects user data for anti-
fraud surveillance and to assess borrowers’ willingness 
and ability to repay before the due date. Voice data are also 
collected to predict the repayment risk.
In investment advisory, the system automatically answers 
questions about loans and insurance, intelligently analyzes 
customer needs, assists in drafting optimal investment 
plans, and addresses after-sales questions.
For notifications, it provides timely payment reminders, 
personalized communication playbooks, multidimensional 
configuration logic trees, and intelligent external collection.
In internal and external customer service scenarios, the 
applications include external marketing to customers, col -
lection, credit checks, internal employee inquiry hotlines, 
and outbound calls for surveys.
Such systems have proven to be highly valuable in produc -
tion environments. As an example, a system developed by 
Ping An OneConnect significantly improved the response 
rate when used in promoting a new loan product that is 
part of Ping An’s inclusive financial service offerings. Prior 
to the robot deployment, the outbound call capacity of the 
customer service center was about 150 calls per person per 
day, which did not meet customer demand during peak mar -
keting periods. In terms of performance, the inquiry rate was 
only about 1% for customers in the first follow-up and about 
5% by the fifth follow-up. The operating cost of the market -
ing outbound call center remained high, at RMB150 per cus -
tomer after apportionment. After the robot was deployed, the 
call center achieved an average daily outbound call capacity 
of 1 million, with a 5% marketing response rate, while the 
outbound marketing cost for the same batch of customers 
was reduced to under RMB1 per customer. When used for 
loan collection, the robot can make about 900–1,000 calls 
a day to owners of overdue accounts, and it increased the 
repayment rate by 30% within a week.
Text Robots
In the past, AI customer service suffered from business 
pain points, such as low Q&A accuracy, support for only 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  117a single round of Q&A, inability to conduct business pro -
cessing, and high knowledge base maintenance costs. 
The latest solutions use a more advanced NLP algorithm to 
gain deep semantic understanding and perform semantic 
analysis of the context, enabling robots to conduct mul -
tiple rounds of dialogue with users. These solutions may 
also adopt unsupervised ML and supervised ML to min -
imize maintenance costs and keep the knowledge base 
up to date.
Business process
• Cloud/on-premises deployment:  The cloud version 
allows for quick access at a reasonable cost, allowing 
users to rapidly deploy intelligent Q&A, whereas the 
on-premises deployment offers better security and 
business privacy for the business environment.
• Knowledge configuration/model training:  Data mod -
ules such as FAQ, dynamic menu, simple tasks, hot 
topics, and welcome messages are configured in the 
knowledge base, offering a set of rich content with 
diverse functions, while Q&A accuracy is validated by 
model training and running tests.
• System use:  The system is used in intelligent robot 
Q&A, provision of various data reports for post-loan 
management, and optimization of the model for 
education quality inspection and marking.
Business functions
• Powerful Q&A capabilities:  The text robot system can 
answer questions accurately, achieve accurate con -
textual understanding of speech, and easily handle 
complex interactive questions; in addition, one Q&A 
portal can support seamless switching between mul -
tiple knowledge bases. Human–machine cooperation 
can also be implemented to support two-way switch -
ing between robots and human agents.
• Convenient back-office management:  The system will 
systematically carry out smart knowledge manage -
ment, regularly perform quick model training and robot 
education for AI robot customer service, and support 
personalized configuration to satisfy the needs of 
different customers.
• Efficient operation outcome:  Compared with human 
agents, advanced customer service solutions do not 
require training and can be launched quickly at an 
affordable cost. Moreover, the robot solutions can 
provide services around the clock and handle many 
customers at the same time. In terms of compliance, 
the text robot system is 100% controllable, stable, 
and standardized, requires no emotional care, and 
will not get tired of answering questions. At the same 
time, it can record full logs and various report data for 
business analysis.Business characteristics
• Full coverage of customer service marketing sce -
narios:  WeChat, official account, Weibo, H5, web, and 
other omni-channel coverage; Q&A scenarios involving 
presales, current selling processes, and after sales. 
The PaaS platform design facilitates business system 
connection, offering 24/7 high-quality service.
• Leverage on Ping An Group’s years of industry expe -
rience:  The system has a comprehensive knowledge 
base that includes knowledge about finance, banks, 
and smart cities, which empowers it to provide data 
support for algorithms and to quantify operational 
indicators.
• Advanced technology:  100% owned intellectual prop -
erty rights with an average accuracy of 85% that offers 
outstanding performance and high availability and is 
scalable and secure.
Application scenario
The Xiaoyi text robot can answer such questions as service 
inquiries on how to proceed to complete the process, outlet 
information, product function introduction, and fees. For 
business processing, it supports credit card application, 
FX transaction, loan prepayment, and card replacement, 
among others. As for sales recommendation, it can offer 
product and fund recommendations for wealth manage -
ment, as well as assist in loan processing, preliminary 
screening for loans, and other services.
The Xiaoyi text robot has been deployed in many banks, 
where it mainly handles three types of service: business 
inquiry, business process, and sales recommendations. 
To date, it has delivered excellent results. For example, 
the Ping An Bank app has an average monthly traffic of 
13.2 million (customer inquiries), with a question recog -
nition rate of up to 99.47%. The Lufax app has an average 
monthly traffic of 500,000, with a question recognition rate 
of up to 97.95%.
Risks and Challenges of 
Financial AI Intelligent 
Customer Service Application
In this section, I will discuss the risks and challenges 
involved in applying intelligent customer service in the 
financial industry.
Risks
AI intelligent customer service in the financial industry will 
facilitate the offering of products and services and save 
manpower costs. But owing to the constraints imposed 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
118   CFA Institute Research Foundationby the current development state of related technologies, 
there are many potential risks in the intelligent customer 
service business.
Business risk from misinterpretation 
of intent
Intelligent customer service needs to be able to identify 
and answer the questions raised by customers. However, 
because the technology for NLU is still in its infancy, the AI 
solution may not fully understand the questions asked by 
customers the way the human agents do. Once the inten -
tion is misinterpreted, the system may not find a match in 
the knowledge base or may match a wrong answer. There 
is the risk of not being able to answer or providing the 
wrong answer and operating instructions, which may lead 
to customer dissatisfaction or even losses suffered by the 
customers, creating reputation risk for banks. As such, the 
usual solution is to deal only with questions recorded in the 
intelligent customer service database and hand over ques -
tions that cannot be identified or that are beyond the scope 
of the database to human agents. This solution reduces 
manpower wastage and improves the user experience.
Risk of declining customer satisfaction
Compared with AI intelligent customer service, human cus -
tomer service can more accurately understand customer 
intentions, grasp customer emotions, and communicate with 
customers more patiently and humanely. Based on the current 
statistics on human customer service, the service satisfaction 
level for the majority of human customer service is above 90%. 
Constrained by inadequacies in current intelligence tech -
nology, in practice, the intelligent customer service solution 
is unable to provide services like an actual person can and 
cannot grasp the feelings of customers in time. When cus -
tomers are forced to use intelligent customer service to relieve 
manpower pressure, it is likely to worsen the customer experi -
ence, increase the risk of declining customer satisfaction, and 
even lower customer stickiness, leading to losses for financial 
institutions. As such, financial institutions are taking a deep 
dive into applications involving deep learning networks so that 
intelligent customer service solutions can learn to handle cus -
tomers’ emotions to give users a more humanized experience. 
At the same time, financial institutions continue to hand over 
customers with emotional issues that cannot be handled by 
AI to human agents to ensure a more satisfactory user experi -
ence and to reduce manpower cost.
Business risks associated with outbound 
customer service
Although outbound customer service will improve opera -
tional efficiency and reduce costs, because the technology 
is immature, outbound customer service currently supports 
only simple interactions with customers in most cases, 
which may lead to misunderstandings by customers. Owing to the unique nature of banking products, improper 
understanding may cause the client to lose assets and 
lead to unnecessary disputes between the client and the 
bank. As such, the intelligent outbound customer service 
also faces database limitations. If the user’s question is not 
found in the AI database or cannot be identified by AI, the 
question will be automatically transferred to a human agent.
Risks from outsourcing of intelligent 
customer service products
AI technology is considered a cutting-edge technology 
that is developing rapidly, and the banking industry has not 
fully mastered its core content. Therefore, most customer 
service robot projects have to be outsourced to third-party 
institutions, which increases the dependency on third par -
ties and uncontrollability for the banking industry. The bank 
relies on the source code of the outsourcing vendor for the 
transformation or project improvement, which weakens the 
bank’s controllability. Meanwhile, because a large volume 
of data has to be provided to the third-party institutions for 
model training and user privacy is often embedded in such 
data, any disclosure may cause substantial risks.
Challenges
AI intelligent customer service is a comprehensive product 
solution that integrates industry knowledge, databases, 
speech recognition, NLP, and other technologies. Since 
there is still much room for improvement in intelligent 
technologies, such as NLP, and the sensitivity of financial 
industry data makes the industry knowledge graph less 
complete, there are challenges in deploying AI intelligent 
customer service in the financial industry.
AI technology is inadequate
A breakthrough is needed for better capability in interpreting 
intentions. AI customer service has low answer accuracy 
and poor customer satisfaction levels, supports only a single 
round of Q&A, and is not sufficiently responsive to questions 
raised in a continuous dialogue. It has simple functions, sup -
ports only dialogue inquiry, and is unable to handle business 
processes. In short, intelligent customer service answers 
lack a “human touch.” As such, financial institutions should 
focus on the application of cutting-edge AI technology and 
ensure the rapid iterations of AI technology to satisfy the 
more demanding service requirements of users.
Stringent financial data security 
requirements and incomplete 
knowledge graph
The high costs of deployment and knowledge base mainte -
nance lead to a relatively low cost performance presently. 
However, with further iterations and development of AI 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  119algorithms and the wider adoption of AI applications, the 
cost of intelligent customer service will gradually decrease, 
which will bring about better results.
Improving industry standards
With the gradual adoption of intelligent customer service, 
some problems have begun to surface. Intelligent customer 
service’s ability to operate around the clock has created 
various social problems, such as harassment and privacy 
infringement, which are not conducive to the healthy 
development of the industry. As such, AI customer service 
leaders should jointly develop a single standard to ensure 
that all AI customer service products can fulfill the mini -
mum industry requirements.
Development, Innovation, 
and Prospects of the 
Financial AI Intelligent 
Customer Service Industry
In this section, I elaborate on various aspects of the future 
of intelligent customer service in the financial industry and 
discuss its development, innovation, and prospects.
Development and Innovation
Financial AI intelligent customer service systems will con -
tinue to innovate in three aspects: technology, interaction, 
and business.
Technological innovation
The financial knowledge graph is in the building stage, and 
the potential linkages between knowledge units can be 
uncovered using such algorithms as knowledge reason -
ing, which can then be used to form a basis for potential 
customers’ acquisition, new financial services develop -
ment, and financial services promotion. AI technology is 
expected to continue to iterate rapidly, creating smarter 
and more capable knowledge applications and response 
mechanisms.
Interactive innovation
With the rapid development of rich media, the modes of 
information dissemination have become more diversi -
fied. Most of the knowledge in the financial industry is 
described in words or numbers; the format is simple, but 
with poor interpretability. By leveraging the intelligent cus -
tomer service system in the rich media era, customer ser -
vice products can enable various ways in which answers 
are presented, such as animations and short videos, to 
demonstrate the correct answers to users more clearly and intuitively. It can build on the advantages of knowledge 
graph to enhance the fluency and compatibility of dialogue, 
improve the system’s ability to identify customers’ feelings 
and real intentions, and quickly gear up the capability to 
support multiple rounds of Q&A. Innovations in interaction 
will further elevate users’ perception of the company and 
increase user stickiness.
Business innovation
With intelligent customer service, financial institutions 
can change the current practice of independently selling a 
single product. In the future, with further breakthroughs in 
such technologies as AI and big data, intelligent customer 
service will be able to grasp customer intentions more 
accurately and provide customers with more personalized 
business assistance and product portfolios, shifting the 
business model from a product-oriented approach to a 
user-oriented approach. In addition, AI customer service will 
be deployed in various businesses of the financial industry. 
It will adapt to the changing business characteristics and 
be able to deal with the pain points in the user’s current 
business for efficient revenue generation.
Development Trends
There are three trends in the application of AI technology 
in banking customer service centers and remote banking: 
popularization, personalization, and diversification.
Popularization
As AI applications mature, their popularity will gradually 
spread to the whole industry and all fields. With escalat -
ing manpower costs, the staffing cost of call centers and 
remote banks will also increase over the years. Cost reduc -
tion and efficiency improvements have always been major 
goals of each call center and remote bank. By making use 
of applications based on AI, such as text robots, intelligent 
voice navigation, and intelligent quality inspection, cus -
tomer service centers and remote banks can gain a major 
arsenal that they can adopt to reduce costs and boost 
efficiency.
Personalization
As users continue to fine-tune their needs, the increasingly 
demanding user requirements in terms of experience are 
driving the transformation of customer service centers and 
remote banking solutions toward greater personalization. 
With intelligent voiceprint recognition, online service/sales, 
human–machine collaboration, and other applications, we 
can gradually upgrade from the traditional human agent 
model to an intelligent customer service model for compre -
hensive, efficient, and intelligent operations and services, 
which will be key to user satisfaction.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
120   CFA Institute Research FoundationDiversification
Relying on strong technical support and market demand, 
the interaction between traditional customer service cen -
ters and customers will transform from straight-line trans -
actions to multichannel and multidimensional dialogue and 
exchanges. Various ways of communicating appear, includ -
ing videos, gestures, and even virtual reality, in addition to 
traditional text and voice. Such communication methods 
are more natural and may be a real breakthrough beyond 
the existing service model, such as phone calls to provide 
customers with faster three-dimensional services using 
interactions from all media, bringing about a more diver -
sified experience and creating more distinctively emotive 
services.
Future Prospects
In the era of AI and big data, an increasing number of finan -
cial institutions have begun to develop financial technol -
ogy. As operating costs continue to increase, it becomes 
even more pressing to reduce manpower costs. Yet at 
the same time, the demand for personalized services for 
customers is gradually expanding. All these issues prompt 
financial institutions to have additional requirements for 
intelligent customer service. Looking ahead, AI intelligent 
customer service will become even more common in the 
financial industry. Upgrading of talents and technologies, 
continuous enrichment of industry applications, and con -
tinuous improvement of industry specifications will pro -
mote the healthy development of the intelligent customer 
service industry.
Strengthen talent pool and technology R&D
The intelligent customer service system relies on emerg -
ing and cutting-edge AI technologies, such as speech 
recognition and NLP. To better optimize and develop the 
technologies, businesses need to continuously strengthen 
the talent pool, adopt best practices at home and abroad, 
and groom talents with financial backgrounds and informa -
tion technology expertise. This is the only way to achieve 
a higher level of intelligence, improve the accuracy of 
answers to customer inquiries, improve user experience, 
and increase satisfaction. Going forward, with support from 
neural networks and big data, such technologies as knowl -
edge computing, multimodal fusion, and privacy comput -
ing are expected to form the basis for intelligent analysis 
and decision making at financial institutions and to make 
autonomous learning of financial market conditions a real -
ity. Such systems will also be capable in trend projections 
and can even provide customers with intelligent sugges -
tions for their decision making. An efficient and accurate 
trading system will provide the technological power to drive 
innovation and development in the financial industry.Expand the applications of the intelligent 
customer service system
There is a need to focus on current technology R&D and 
promote comprehensive and all-around coverage of appli -
cation scenarios by optimizing the basic functions for a 
large-scale intelligent customer service platform geared 
mainly to mobile terminals. In addition, the interactive mode 
can gradually evolve from traditional voice and text to 
video, augmented reality and holographic projection, and 
other formats by combining emerging media with tradi -
tional media.
Meanwhile, AI customer service should be deeply 
entrenched at several levels. In marketing, AI customer 
service is included to generate intelligent marketing sce -
nario applications and personalized services for individual 
customers that can greatly improve the sales success rate 
for wealth management products and promote the devel -
opment of inclusive financial services. In customer service, 
AI customer service will tap into more multiscenario appli -
cations, such as identity recognition, intelligent customer 
service, and intelligent claims settlement, to serve more 
customers during peak hours and fulfill demand in an effec -
tive and accurate manner that can improve customer satis -
faction significantly.
Develop and refine relevant industry 
specifications
For this emerging industry system, regulatory authorities 
need to keep up with trends, draft corresponding regula -
tory plans and regulatory processes, avoid and prevent 
series of risks that emerging intelligent customer service 
systems may bring, promote the intelligent customer 
service systems, and optimize the development of smart 
finance. Building an intelligent customer service ecosystem 
with multiple parties will make it an important focal point in 
banking and financial services.
Conclusion
In view of the COVID-19 pandemic and the digital trans -
formation wave, financial institutions need to reshape 
their business models and adapt their working methods 
to meet ever-changing customer and market demands 
quickly and nimbly. Looking ahead, financial institutions 
must take advantage of the cultural and behavioral 
changes brought about by the pandemic to accelerate 
their digital transformation process, even as they remain 
cautious to avoid overreliance on existing models once 
the pandemic is over. This move is critical for finan -
cial institutions to weather the storm and thrive in the 
emerging new normal.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  121Riding on the COVID-19 pandemic as a catalyst for digital 
transformation, financial institutions can also take this 
opportunity to reflect on their role in emerging ecosystems 
and how they can create value.
The intelligent customer service system enables the online 
transfer of human customer service workload by integrat -
ing current AI technology, NLU, and other emerging technol -
ogies. At the same time, with point-to-point communication 
with customers, it can improve customer experience and 
efficiency significantly. However, it is also necessary to fully 
understand the imperfections and dual characteristics of 
technology and to not blindly follow the trends in online 
services and intelligence. In certain banking scenarios, 
for example, intelligent customer service is still not able 
to replace human agents. It is important to recognize the 
possible risks of the intelligent customer service system 
to avoid the risks and plan rationally. However, there is an 
opportunity to leverage the power of technology to create 
a new model for the development of the banking industry 
that is more efficient, accurate, and convenient.
Within the supervision framework of the authorities, 
in-depth application of intelligent customer service can 
be used to develop innovative financial products, change 
business methods, and optimize business processes to ensure the safety of customers’ assets, optimize financial 
investment experience, and reduce investment risks in this 
rapid transition to a modern digital financial system that is 
highly adaptable, competitive, and inclusive.
References
Breuer, Ralph, Harald Fanderl, Markus Hedwig, and 
Marcel Meuer. 2020. “Service Industries Can Fuel 
Growth by Making Digital Customer Experiences a 
Priority.” McKinsey Digital (30 April). www.mckinsey.com/
capabilities/mckinsey-digital/our-insights/service-  
industries-can-fuel-growth-by-making-digital-customer-  
experiences-a-priority .
Deloitte. 2020. “Realizing the Digital Promise: COVID-19 
Catalyzes and Accelerates Transformation in Financial 
Services.” www.deloitte.com/content/dam/assets-  
shared/legacy/docs/gx-fsi-realizing-the-digital-promise-  
covid-19-catalyzes-and-accelerates-transformation.pdf .
Liping, Xu. 2018. “AI-Driven Intelligent Customer Service.” 
Shanghai Informatization.
Yuan, Xucong. 2021. “2021 China Intelligent Customer 
Service Industry Insight.” LeadLeo Research Institute.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
122   CFA Institute Research Foundation10. ACCELERATED AI AND USE CASES 
IN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
Jochen Papenbrock, Doctorate
Head of Financial Technology EMEA, NVIDIA
Introduction
A growing number of investment professionals are building 
up capabilities and resources to exploit artificial intel -
ligence (AI) and big data in their investment processes 
systematically, using the most advanced technologies and 
infrastructures, like “factories” for AI and simulation. This 
trend results from the realization by many that AI and big 
data will give them access to diversified sources of alpha, 
more effective risk management, better client access, and 
customization opportunities. Embracing such technologies 
has become a clear differentiator.
In this chapter, I will take you behind the scenes, provide 
insight into the art of the possible, and discuss how to best 
make use of the most recent technologies, such as accel -
erated computing platforms in an implementation roadmap. 
I will also provide useful tools and describe their implementa -
tion in several real-world use cases, such as diversified port -
folio construction and environmental, social, and governance 
(ESG) investing, using such techniques as natural language 
processing (NLP), Explainable AI (XAI), and Geospatial AI.
Learning how to implement AI technologies is highly 
relevant to investment companies that are aiming for 
an elevated level of ESG integration. These companies 
need to organize ESG scoring information, and they can 
have a motivation to generate their own (“shadow”) ESG 
scores and to constantly monitor and audit ESG disclosure 
information—for example, to identify greenwashing and 
to close monitoring gaps. The scores are produced for 
ESG-integrating investment portfolios, such as by using 
cross-sectional systematic trading strategies to rank 
assets before portfolio construction. There is a constant 
tracking of trading portfolios, including AI-based detection 
of irregular transactions and behavior.
We are moving toward an evidence-based, data-driven, 
AI-powered ESG approach. If implemented correctly with 
the right data, data science approach, and IT/compute 
infrastructure, the improved analysis would be:
• neutral (in terms of no human bias), consistent, and 
less biased (in terms of unwanted bias);
• global, frequent, and available in a timely way;
• enabled in a bottom-up way; and• comprehensive due to the coverage of undisclosed 
information.
Massive amounts of primary information such as text-
based data (some of which are web-scraped) or alternative 
data from satellite imagery need to be collected, cleaned, 
streamed, and analyzed, activities that can be supported 
by machines very efficiently. On top of that are additional 
compute layers that help to trace back the processing 
steps and reasoning of the machines, which is important 
for human–machine interaction, such as providing valida -
tion, developing data narratives, and amplifying the subject 
matter experts. It would hardly be possible to reach those 
levels of reproducible and transparent information process -
ing by manual analysis of those amounts of data.
Another example for innovative technologies that support 
the investment and risk management process is AI-fueled 
analytical capabilities, such as generating potential market 
scenarios that have never been observed before but can 
be viewed as realistic. In a second step, a machine learning 
(ML) program identifies links between properties of those 
market scenarios and the performance of a set of com -
peting investment strategies. In the last step, a computa -
tionally intensive algorithm reveals the structures that the 
AI/ML system has learned in the training process. This step 
is particularly important because investment managers now 
have the option to understand the decision-making pro -
cess of the AI/ML system using XAI to validate it and build 
a narrative for the choice of a certain investment strategy. 
This can be applied in many investment processes that 
seek to find the best way to diversify a given number of 
assets and aggregate them into a robust portfolio. In prac -
tice, this approach is applicable in a variety of investment 
companies, ranging from hedge funds to pension funds. 
The amount of computation involved is probably not feasible 
for a human being to execute manually in a lifetime.
Underrated Aspects of 
AI-Driven Investment 
Strategies
Successful investment firms of the future will be those that 
strategically plan to incorporate AI and big data techniques 
into their investment processes (Cao 2019). Besides the 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  123importance of advancements in mathematical modeling, 
several additional aspects of the AI strategy need to be 
addressed:
1. An appropriate infrastructure for AI training and infer -
encing, as well as for simulation for risk management, 
algorithmic trading, and back testing
2. A scalable enterprise-level workflow and process for 
developing and deploying AI models
3. Robust AI models that can be validated and explained, 
which removes barriers to AI adoption and builds con -
fidence in these innovative technologies
All this is part of the skill set that investment companies 
can develop to make a difference and to use as a unique 
selling proposition.
A key technology to implement these three aspects is 
accelerated computing, which can be used for simulation, 
data manipulation, AI model building, and deployment/
inferencing. Accelerated computing is widely available 
today, and it can increase developer team productivity, ROI 
(return on investment), model quality, and enterprise-level 
scalability while decreasing TOC (total cost of ownership), 
time to insight, energy consumption, and infrastructure 
complexity. It is all about building and using more effective 
models at higher speed and lower cost while keeping the 
models robust and explainable.
Data science and AI teams will be able to amplify their pro -
ductivity using “AI and simulation factories.” Using these 
is also a crucial factor in attracting talent that can do the 
“work of a lifetime” on such computing and accelerated 
data infrastructures.
The need for accelerated computing becomes noticeably 
clear when several data sources need to be acquired and 
combined. Several data sources are jointly aggregated, cor -
related, analyzed, and visualized in increasingly rapid ways. 
Technologies for accelerated data logistics and curation 
enable the gathering of datasets from dozens of sources—
such as remote sensors, IoT (internet of things), social media, 
and satellite data. Iteration speed is increased by reducing 
analytical latency by seconds or even milliseconds. New 
forecasting techniques based on ML that use alternative, 
complex, unstructured datasets (such as satellite images) 
and new generative methods to create synthetic data are 
changing the way we produce and backtest strategies.
Investors around the world want to know more about the 
performance of individual companies before others do. 
They address leading indicators related to the impact of 
future financial results, sustainability, and environmental 
risk factors. Analysts need to effectively query and visu -
ally examine these vast datasets. Analytics software and 
4For more information, go to the ML Commons webpage at https://mlcommons.org/en/#philosophy .AI/ML running on traditional CPU-based servers can be less 
capable of processing huge amounts of data required for 
advanced, multilayered, and multimodal analysis in a timely 
manner and might use more energy than graphics process -
ing units (GPUs) do.
The Accelerated Computing 
Revolution and How It 
Enhances Investment 
Management
GPUs can be found in many compute clusters, ranging from 
supercomputing to public clouds and even enterprise data 
centers. They can accelerate the processing of huge amounts 
of structured and unstructured large datasets and execute 
large training and inferencing workloads. These ultra-fast 
processors are designed for massively accelerated training 
epochs, queries, complex image rendering, and interac -
tive visualization. Combined with purpose-built analytics 
software, they deliver the kind of speed and zero-latency 
interactivity that professional investors need.
Investment companies of all shapes and sizes are taking 
advantage of this revolution in GPU analytics. GPU-
accelerated platforms enable faster analytics to uncover 
more sophisticated investment and growth opportunities. 
GPU-powered models offer higher throughput with lower 
latency. As a result, more sophisticated models can be 
used for a given latency budget, leading to far more accu -
rate results.
As the world generates increasingly new forms of data that 
provide meaningful signals for conclusions to be drawn 
about future business and market performance, accel -
erated computing platforms can become an increasingly 
valuable technology.
GPU-based acceleration technologies are universally appli -
cable and help not only with data collection, preparation, 
and model building but also in the production phase, includ -
ing model deployment, inferencing, and data visualization.
MLPerf4 is a consortium of AI leaders from academia, 
research labs, and industry whose mission is to “build fair 
and useful benchmarks” that provide independent evalua -
tions of training and inference performance for hardware, 
software, and services—all conducted under prescribed 
conditions. GPU-based systems shine in these benchmarks 
regularly, as can be seen in the MLPerf tables.
Equally important is the model validation step, where the 
model and data are made transparent and explainable 
to reconnect them to human intelligence, creativity, and 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
124   CFA Institute Research Foundationdomain expertise—a step often forgotten or underrated. The 
explainability step can also be computationally demanding, 
which is the reason accelerated computing is a valuable 
resource, as it realizes significant speedups (Mitchell, 
Frank, and Holmes 2022).
To summarize, accelerated computing can build more 
model alternatives, with potentially higher accuracy and 
at the same time at lower cost and energy consumption and with greater flexibility. Such approaches as “fail 
fast, fail forward” can be implemented with acceler -
ated computing, which can be viewed as a kind of “time 
machine” by speeding up the iterations required for model 
development.
Exhibit 1  shows some areas where GPU-accelerated com -
puting supports investment (risk) managers, traders, and 
(AI/ML) quants.
Exhibit 1. Overview of GPU-Accelerated Domains plus Corresponding Tools 
and Software Packages for Implementation
Domains Enhanced by 
GPU-accelerated Computing Descriptions of Useful Tools and Software Packages for Implementation
Loading and preprocessing 
enormous amounts of data 
in dataframe operations• Open GPU Data Science with RAPIDSa suite of software libraries to execute end-to-end 
data science and analytics pipelines
• Exposes GPU parallelism and high-bandwidth memory speed through Python 
interfaces
• RAPIDS accelerator for Apache Spark supports the following steps: data acquisition, 
preprocessing, manipulation, data curation
• RAPIDS library cuDF is related to Python library pandas
AI/ML/NLP and financial data 
science• GPU-accelerated versions of PyTorch, TensorFlow, and other widely used deep 
learning frameworks
• TAO: transfer learning based on optimized architectures and pretrained models
• RAPIDS (as described before): end-to-end data science and analytics pipelines
• RAPIDS cuML: GPU-accelerated versions of XGBoost and scikit-learn (like 
unsupervised learning, clustering decomposition, and dimensionality reduction); 
GPU-accelerated training for forest models, such as XGBoost, LightGBM, scikit-learn 
random forest
• GPU-accelerated network analysis with RAPIDS cuGraph (linked to NetworkX) for 
community detection, link analysis/prediction, traversal, centrality, tree filtering, 
network visualization, Graph Neural Networks with Deep Graph Library (DGL), and 
PyTorch Geometric (PyG)
• Daskb integrates with RAPIDS and can distribute data and computation over multiple 
GPUs, either in the same system or in a multinode cluster
• MLOps (machine learning operations) tools, such as high-performance deep learning 
inference (such as a deep learning inference optimizer and runtime that deliver low 
latency and high throughput for inference applications) and inference server software 
(helps standardize model deployment and execution and delivers fast and scalable AI 
in production)c
• Learning to rank (e.g., for constructing cross-sectional systematic strategies)
• End-to-end frameworks for training and inferencing large language models (LLMs) 
with up to trillions of parametersd
• Cloud-native suites of AI and data analytics software optimized for the development 
and deployment of AI, like an enterprise AI operating system for the accelerated AI 
platforme
(continued )

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  125Domains Enhanced by 
GPU-accelerated Computing Descriptions of Useful Tools and Software Packages for Implementation
Model risk management and 
human–machine interaction• AI model validation and managing AI risk in the enterprise for AI models in production
• Transparent, explainable, robust, auditable models for building trust techniques 
to test and improve robustness, explainability, fairness, and safety of the models, 
including large-scale visualization of data and model results with a usually 
considerable amount of compute
• AI-generated synthetic data further enhance the model building process: Synthetic 
data improve model stability and explainability but can also generate stress-test 
scenarios that have never been observed but are realistic at the same time
High-performance computing 
(HPC) for derivative pricing, risk 
management, and portfolio 
allocation• GPU-accelerated software development kits (SDKs) for Monte Carlo risk simulations 
for market risk applications (exotic derivative pricing, variable annuities, modeling 
underlying volatilities—e.g., Heston), counterparty risk (CVA, XVA, FVA, MVA valuation 
adjustments) and market generators/simulators
• Relevant benchmark is STAC-A2f for risk models across throughput, performance, 
and scalabilityg
• Advanced compilers, libraries, and software tools are available for real-world 
financial HPC applications, including American and exotic option pricing with multiple 
methods of writing GPU-accelerated algorithms, including the use of accelerated ISO 
(International Organization for Standardization) Standard C++
• Risk calculations with GPUs can be done 40 times faster, reducing costs by 80%. 
A Federal Reserve analysis showed speedups of over 250 times for GPUs vs. CPUs 
(central processing units) in running Monte Carlo simulations for European and 
American options pricingh
Algo trading, risk management, 
and backtesting• Algorithm trading requires AI/ML workloads, filters, backtesting engines, 
bootstrapping scenarios, and optimization algorithms. Algorithm trading is a 
top use case with high growth rates and penetration. It makes use of HPC and 
GPU-accelerated deep learning for training and inference
• GPU acceleration delivered more than 6,000 times speedup on the STAC-A3 
benchmark algorithm for hedge fundsi
Quantum computing with use 
cases in portfolio optimization, 
MC simulation, and ML• GPU-powered speedup of quantum circuit simulations based on state vector and 
tensor network methods by orders of magnitudej
• Hybrid quantum-classical computing involving QPU, GPU, CPUk
awww.nvidia.com/en-us/deep-learning-ai/software/rapids/ .
bwww.dask.org/ .
chttps://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT  and https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server .
dhttps://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo .
ewww.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/products/ai-enterprise/ .
fwww.stacresearch.com/a2 .
gSome of the largest firms on Wall Street and the broader global financial industry rely on STAC-A2 as a key risk model benchmark to measure 
compute platform performance. “The STAC-A2 Benchmark suite is the industry standard for testing technology stacks used for compute-intensive 
analytic workloads involved in pricing and risk management” ( www.stacresearch.com/a2 ). For example, it measures the time to complete the 
calculation of a set of Greek values for an option (which measure the sensitivity of the price of an option to changes, such as price of the under -
lying asset, volatility, or interest rates). Thus, Greeks—which should be recalculated as an option’s price varies—provide a risk management tool 
for assessing market impacts on a portfolio of options.
hScott (2018).
iAshley (2019).
jhttps://github.com/NVIDIA/cuQuantum .
khttps://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-quantum .Exhibit 1. Overview of GPU-Accelerated Domains plus Corresponding Tools 
and Software Packages for Implementation ( continued )

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
126   CFA Institute Research FoundationFurther information can be found in Business Systems 
International’s executive guide for the use of GPUs in data 
science and quantitative research in financial trading.5
Three Examples of 
Accelerated Computing 
in Real-World Investment 
Use Cases
This section demonstrates the GPU-accelerated tools and 
software package from the previous section in action. 
I describe three cases—two on ESG investing and one 
on diversified portfolio construction.
ESG and Risk Analysis Using NLP 
and Document Intelligence
NLP is one of the most prominent AI techniques that pro -
cesses text information for many tasks. Among them are 
named entity recognition, topic modeling, intent identifi -
cation, relation extraction, sentiment analysis, language 
translation, question answering, and text summarization.
Financial news and ESG disclosure reports exhibit complex 
formats along with images and tables, where document 
intelligence and AI are used to extract and digitize the 
relevant information (text, tables, pictures, etc.).
Sustainability reports need to comply with diverse taxon -
omies and reporting standards, which involves semantic 
understanding of various financial and nonfinancial disclo -
sures. A central ESG and risk data repository can be built up 
to operationalize reporting and adapt to evolving regulatory 
requirements.
A real-time ESG analytics process drives ESG insights and 
scenario analysis with news and media screening. Adverse 
event monitoring further enables investors to stay in 
control of both reporting and assessment. Advanced NLP 
technologies monitor unstructured data in news and social 
media articles. The insights can be used in conjunction 
with the ESG scores from the rating agencies to provide a 
holistic view and thus improve decision making based on 
techniques.
Investors and fund managers use these assistive tech -
nologies to detect and mitigate ESG fraud, such as 
5https://media.bsi.uk.com/white-papers/Business_Systems_International_(BSI)_-_Nvidia_GPUs_in_Quantitative_Research_Executive_Guide.pdf .
6See, for example, https://accern.com/esg-investing  and https://demo.softserveinc.com/esg-platform .
7See NVIDIA’s on-demand webinar “How No-Code NLP Drives Fast and Accurate ESG Insights”: https://info.nvidia.com/nlp-risk-management-  
esg- financial -services.html?ncid=so-link-135948-vt09&=&linkId=100000133473284&ondemandrgt=yes#cid=ix06_so-link_en-us .
8See the EU Science Hub’s “Earth Observation” webpage: https://joint-research-centre.ec.europa.eu/scientific-activities-z/
earth-observation_en#:~:text=Earth%20observation%20is%20the%20gathering,the%20natural%20and%20manmade%20environment .greenwashing. Fraud and anomaly detection platforms that 
monitor firm disclosures and are powered by a comprehen -
sive greenwashing detection framework will drive investor 
confidence and flow of funds to truly green entities—one of 
the biggest challenges for ESG investors today.
NLP-based detection of fraudulent disclosures, news, and 
communications is the first line of defense against compa -
nies misrepresenting brown assets to solve their problem 
of stranded assets and loss of valuation. Quantitative and 
measurable data are needed to enable comparability. There 
can be real-time assessments of issuer operations.
In all these NLP-driven use cases, it becomes clear that 
large language models can be greatly beneficial from an 
engineering perspective because these models can be 
adapted to various tasks with a few shots with examples 
and prompt engineering (Gopani 2022).
Over the past few years, some leading software and solu -
tion companies have been established, making use of 
accelerated computing to be able to quickly process vast 
amounts of data. Some of them have developed no-code 
environments6 and numerous AI-based services and data 
around NLP for ESG information.7
Earth Observation Data 
and Spatial Finance
Earth observation (EO) is the gathering of information 
about planet Earth’s physical, chemical, and biological 
systems via remote sensing technologies, usually involv -
ing satellites carrying imaging devices, delivering reliable 
and repeat-coverage datasets.8 EO is used to monitor and 
assess the status of and changes in the environment.
EO and remote sensing combined with ML have the poten -
tial to transform the availability of information in our finan -
cial system (Papenbrock, Ashley, and Schwendner 2021).
“Spatial finance” is the integration of geospatial data and 
analysis into financial services. It allows financial markets 
to better measure and manage climate-related and environ -
mental risks, such as loss of biodiversity, threats to water 
quality, and deforestation. According to the EU Agency for 
the Space Programme (EUSPA 2022, p. 12), the insurance 
and finance segment will become the largest contributor 
to global EO revenues in 2031 (with EUR994 million and an 
18.2% market share).

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  127EO and remote sensing data can be extremely complex to 
process. Processing massive amounts of EO data from mul -
tiple sources involves complex workflows and ETL (extract, 
transform, load) processes that first load and transform the 
data in several steps and then apply advanced AI models 
for computer vision and environmental monitoring. Typical 
steps are image formation, calibration and geospatial pro -
cessing, data streaming, decompression, computer vision, 
model inference, scientific visualization, and (photorealis -
tic, cinematic, 3D) rendering.
Also, the more granular and high-resolution the data, the 
more insight can be generated in finance and trading as 
individual assets can be observed and tracked. Sometimes 
the data need to be streamed or must be analyzed over 
time (“spatiotemporal”). The value creation for financial 
insights and trading sometimes also requires fusing mul -
tiple sensor sources to create a context. Imagery needs to 
be corrected, and features/patterns need to be extracted.
Accelerated computing can be a key technology in spatial 
finance to process EO and remote sensing data in a fast, 
reliable, cost-efficient, flexible, and energy-efficient way, 
and the models need to be of high quality and high reso -
lution to build financial services, products, and signals for 
specific customers. Today it is possible to construct end-
to-end (streaming) pipelines based on GPU acceleration, 
including processing of JPEG files, geolocation algorithms, 
spatial and trajectory computations, streaming, and com -
puter vision, including clustering and graph analytics 
in RAPIDS.9
In the finance industry, the uptake of EO is becoming 
increasingly important in informing decision-making pro -
cesses often before markets are affected. There are several 
concrete use cases in commodity trading where biodiver -
sity and conservation across value chains can be analyzed. 
Trading of such products as metals, agricultural products, 
and energy (gas, oil, etc.) is being monitored and factored 
into value chains to make energy price predictions.
Investment managers are interested in identifying supply–
demand balance changes. These are fed into trading 
models, such as in the oil market. Disruption of supply in 
hard and soft commodities by extreme weather, climate 
change, natural or other disasters/accidents, and pollution 
can be evaluated by processing EO data. Doing so usually 
includes an analysis of the history and assessment of the 
current physical situation. Regarding soft commodities 
(agricultural products), the users are usually interested in 
predictions on the yield rates of the next harvest as early 
as possible in the growing cycle. Knowing about crop short -
fall in one region helps diversify and hedge early on.
9Such as the cuSpatial library for GPU-accelerated spatial and trajectory data management and analytics: https://github.com/rapidsai/cuspatial .
10For more information, see https://wwf-sight.org/geospatial-esg ; EUSPA (2023); European Space Agency (2022);  Spatial Finance Initiative (2021); 
Patterson, Izquierdo, Tibaldeschi, Schmitt, Williams, Bessler, Wood, Spaeth, Fang, Shi, et al. (2022).Another use case is geospatial ESG.10 It uses geospatial 
data to gain insight into a specific commercial asset, busi -
ness, portfolio, or geographic area. It starts with pinpointing 
the location and defining the ownership of a commercial 
asset, such as a factory, mine, field, road, or retail property, 
known as asset data. Using various spatial approaches, it 
is then possible to assess the asset against observational 
data to gain an understanding of the initial and ongoing 
environmental impacts, as well as other relevant social and 
governance factors.
Geospatial ESG leverages geospatial AI using satellite 
imagery and sensor data to detect environmental or social 
parameter violations of companies and supply chains, 
such as biodiversity reduction, water source pollution, and 
greenhouse gas emissions. These detection and analysis 
models further enable investors to make more-informed 
decisions about a company separate from its voluntary 
disclosures or to monitor conformity with standards once 
established. There are enhanced risk assessments of ESG 
criteria on their investments, and access to real-time geo -
spatial, environmental, and social data is a critical tool to 
enhance their evaluations.
Geospatial ESG helps validate issuer disclosures in cases 
where other data and information are unavailable, making 
ESG assessments more reliable. EO data are creating the 
foundation for predictability in ESG scoring/ESG perfor -
mance. They help in an evolving regulatory landscape, and 
they are real-time, quantifiable, and measurable data for 
strengthening ESG analysis.
NLP and geospatial AI for sustainable finance are not only 
concerns of investment companies, banks, and insurance 
companies. Central banks around the world also are collab -
orating on greening the financial system and use acceler -
ated data science, AI, and GeoAI (Papenbrock, Ashley, and 
Schwendner 2021) for sustainable finance.
Asset devaluation and long-term risks in ESG investing 
must be kept in mind. Climate risk is a critical ESG focus 
today. Potential infrastructure and property losses due to 
climate change affect organizations’ long-term financial 
sustainability. Many investors examine a company’s prepa -
ration assessment and capacity to forecast and respond to 
a variety of climate threats and environmental changes.
There are transition risks but also physical risks, such as 
extreme weather and record temperatures, that are now 
recognized as events that can be predicted and factored 
into financial planning. Droughts, floods, and wildfires are 
all examples of acute threats, but tropical illnesses due to 
rising temperatures and loss of biodiversity also fall in this 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
128   CFA Institute Research Foundationcategory. Additional risks can occur because of political 
instability and conflicts that climate change may generate, 
including supply chains and critical infrastructure that can 
be affected by extreme weather events.
Investors are exposed to such complex, evolving risks. 
Data, AI, simulation, and visualization will help investors 
better understand the risks and develop actions and 
mitigation strategies.
The adoption of such use cases will be further increased 
when the quality, availability, and granularity of observa -
tional climate and environmental data are enhanced. The 
models for predicting extreme weather events and climate 
change will further improve, especially becoming more 
granular and of a higher resolution. This outcome can be 
achieved by such technologies as physics-informed AI and 
accelerated supercomputing. An example is FourCastNet 
(Pathak, Subramanian, Harrington, Raja, Chattopadhyay, 
Mardani, Kurth, Hall, Li, Azizzadenesheli, et al. 2022). 
Frameworks exist for developing physics ML neural network 
models.11 Visualization of simulated scenarios on a highly 
granular asset level is a technique that helps analysts eval -
uate the risks and impacts. There are platforms for build -
ing large-scale digital twin simulations of environmental 
processes and risks.12
An example workflow would involve the following 
components:
• (continuous, streaming) satellite imagery to model 
inference pipelines, such as capabilities for land/sea 
classification systems and GISs (geographic informa -
tion systems);
• compute-powered, physics-informed neural networks 
and Fourier neural operators for simplification for fast 
predictive capability of climatic events; and
• 3D rendering and visualization to understand what is 
happening and see the what-if scenarios.
AI and Simulation for Diversified 
Portfolio Construction
There are several problems with the way modern portfolio 
theory (MPT) and portfolio diversification are often imple -
mented in practice. One is backtest overfitting on the same 
historical data, and another is using quadratic optimization 
with noisy covariance estimates as inputs. In this section, 
I will describe approaches to mitigate these problems. The 
approaches are consistent with the Monte Carlo backtest -
ing paradigm and could address the replication crisis to a 
certain extent. Synthetic datasets should be the preferred 
11For example, see the “NVIDIA Modulus” webpage: https://developer.nvidia.com/modulus .
12For example, see the “NVIDIA Omniverse” webpage: www.nvidia.com/en-us/omniverse/ .approach for developing tactical investment algorithms 
(López de Prado 2019). This approach helps investors 
deal with the unknown data-generating process. Using 
synthetic data is not new, and it is like generating realistic 
artificial landscapes and training industrial autonomous 
machines, such as robots and self-driving cars. Synthetic 
asset return data are a way to test AI-driven investment 
strategies.
Approaches to diversified portfolio construction do not 
always require quadratic optimization but can be solved 
heuristically to reduce realized risk and heavy portfolio 
turnover. AI can even help investors decide when to switch 
the approach in an interpretable way.
A lot of research has been conducted and much progress 
has been made on generating synthetic asset return data 
with typical stylized facts of asset returns using various 
AI-based techniques. Less focus has been placed on gen -
erating correlated returns with stylized empirical facts 
of asset return covariance matrices. This is important for 
pricing and risk management of correlation-dependent 
financial instruments and portfolios. Approaches using 
GANs (generative adversarial networks) generate realistic 
correlation scenarios (Marti 2020). An approach called 
“matrix evolutions” uses evolutionary multi-objective opti -
mization, which can be implemented in parallel to benefit 
from accelerators (Papenbrock, Schwendner, Jaeger, and 
Krügel 2021). The idea is to address multiple stylized facts 
of empirical correlation matrices at the same time and join 
them in a multi-objective optimization problem. The user 
defines ranges to generate “populations” of correlation 
matrices that cover a variety and combination of stylized 
facts, on the one hand, and exhibit properties of correct 
correlation matrices, on the other hand. In this way, millions 
of realistic correlation matrices can be generated that have 
never been observed before. Approaches to robust invest -
ment portfolios can be tested against those populations 
of correlation matrix scenarios to test and analyze their 
behavior and robustness.
Based on these or other artificially generated asset return 
data, it is possible to formulate a program for ML that pre -
dicts the outperformance of a certain portfolio construc -
tion approach based on information about certain market 
regimes. In this way, an investment client could produce a 
desired portfolio of assets or asset classes, and the invest -
ment manager could respond with a recommendation for 
which portfolio construction method should be preferred 
for a certain market phase or regime to realize a very robust 
diversified portfolio.
The approach works as follows: Each generated market 
scenario is represented in terms of its stylized empirical 

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  129facts—across the portfolio assets and including their cor -
relation properties. These are the input features to the ML 
program. The labels can be measured by the outperfor -
mance of a certain portfolio construction method in that 
specific market scenario. By generating millions of those 
scenarios, one gets millions of labeled learning datasets, 
which are the training material for the ML program. This 
can be done for several available portfolio construction 
methods, and in the end, the ML program can be used to 
recommend a more robust portfolio construction approach 
in a specific market phase. In addition, the machine can 
even produce explanations in terms such as reporting the 
driving properties of certain market phases leading to an 
outperformance of a certain portfolio construction method. 
This outcome is achieved with post hoc explainers such as 
SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations), which are computa -
tionally intensive and can be GPU-accelerated, and with the 
massively parallel exact calculation of SHAP scores for tree 
ensembles (Mitchell et al. 2022).13
The entire workflow is described in an article by Jaeger, 
Krügel, Marinelli, Papenbrock, and Schwendner (2021). The 
idea is to produce alternative portfolio construction mecha -
nisms, such as hierarchical risk parity (HRP), that use graph 
theory and representation learning to construct the portfo -
lio by cutting through the estimation noise. In many market 
environments and many investment universes, these 
approaches offer lower realized risk than can be achieved 
by explicit portfolio risk minimization algorithms. This 
sounds unreal but is achieved by the two-step approach of 
HRP: (1) matrix seriation and (2) recursive bisection. In this 
way, the natural taxonomy of assets is preserved, and the 
less robust matrix inversion step can be skipped.
As this procedure does not work in all market envi -
ronments, an AI-driven program can identify in which 
constellations the new method can be used. It can also 
deliver some explanations using Shapley values, a method 
based on cooperative game theory. This explainability 
helps portfolio managers identify the correct approach to 
portfolio construction depending on investment universe 
and market state (Papenbrock and Schwendner 2015). 
Interactive dashboards allow the validation and audit 
of the AI models and the extraction of evidence-based, 
data-driven insights and narratives.
The implementation of such an approach requires several 
computing-intensive steps to generate market data, to 
train AI models, and to finally extract information about the 
inner decision making of the models to draw conclusions. 
A normal desktop PC would be able to produce reliable out -
comes after several hours, whereas a small GPU cluster can 
produce results after a few minutes (Papenbrock 2021). 
The entire workflow can be extended by many steps—
namely, generating synthetic multidimensional market data 
13For a related blog on explainable ML with acceleration, see Alarcon (2020).in a very flexible and convenient way of matrix evolutions or 
producing completely new ways of constructing portfolios, 
as in an article by Schwendner, Papenbrock, Jaeger, and 
Krügel (2021). The approach and workflow can even be 
used to tame crypto portfolios (Papenbrock, Schwendner, 
and Sandner 2021).
Conclusion and Next Steps
In this chapter, I discussed some of the latest invest -
ment technologies and provided useful tools to leverage 
recent developments in AI infrastructure and software 
development.
I demonstrated how these technologies give access to 
new and more stable sources of alpha, advanced risk 
management technologies, higher levels of customiza -
tion, and better meet the requirements of investment 
clients.
Acceleration technologies support the entire workflow and 
data science process—from loading large files and curating 
dataframe operations to conducting model building and 
inferencing. They can even perform the model validation 
and explanation steps. This support enables a more inter -
active and data-centric approach to AI.
The use cases on ESG investing and robust portfolio con -
struction have demonstrated how accelerated computing 
platforms help leverage both alternative, unstructured data 
(NLP, computer vision, document intelligence) and classical 
time-series data, such as asset returns.
Factories for complex data processing, AI, simulation, and 
visualization help the industry build resilient, sustainable, 
and profitable investment products/services in a custom -
ized, transparent, and explainable way.
References
Alarcon, N. 2020. “Accelerating Automated and Explainable 
Machine Learning with RAPIDS and NVIDIA GPUs.” Technical 
Blog , NVIDIA DEVELOPER (17 November). https://developer.
nvidia.com/blog/accelerating-automated-and-explainable-  
machine-learning-with-rapids/ .
Ashley, J. 2019. “NVIDIA Delivers More than 6,000× 
Speedup on Key Algorithm for Hedge Funds.” NVIDIA 
(13 May). http s://blog s.nvidia.com/blog/2019/05/13/
accelerated -backtesting-hedge-funds/?ncid=so-twi-  
nrcmflssx6 -84884 .
Cao, Larry. 2019. “AI Pioneers in Investment Management.” 
CFA Institute. www.cfainstitute.org/-/media/documents/
survey/AI-Pioneers-in-Investment-Management.pdf .

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
130   CFA Institute Research FoundationEuropean Space Agency. 2022. “Space for Green 
Finance: Use Cases and Commercial Opportunities” 
(November). https://commercialisation.esa.int/2023/01/
market-trend-space-for-green-finance/ .
EUSPA. 2022. “EO and GNSS Market Report.” www.euspa.
europa.eu/sites/default/files/uploads/euspa_market_
report_2022.pdf .
EUSPA. 2023. “EU Space for Green Transformation” 
(25 January). www.euspa.europa.eu/newsroom/news/
eu-space-helps-drive-green-transformation .
Gopani, A. 2022. “How NVIDIA Trains Large Language 
Models.” AIM (23 March). https://analyticsindiamag.com/
how-nvidia-trains-large-language-models/ .
Jaeger, Markus, Stephan Krügel, Dimitri Marinelli, Jochen 
Papenbrock, and Peter Schwendner. 2021. “Interpretable 
Machine Learning for Diversified Portfolio Construction.” 
Journal of Financial Data Science  3 (3): 31–51 . 
López de Prado, Marcos. 2019. “Tactical Investment 
Algorithms” (26 September). Available at https://ssrn.com/
abstract=3459866 .
Marti, G. 2020. “CORRGAN: Sampling Realistic Financial 
Correlation Matrices Using Generative Adversarial 
Networks.” ICASSP 2020–2020 IEEE International 
Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing 
(ICASSP) : 8459–63 .
Mitchell, R., E. Frank, and G. Holmes. 2022. “GPUTreeShap: 
Massively Parallel Exact Calculation of SHAP Scores for Tree 
Ensembles.” PeerJ Computer Science  8 (5 April): e880 . 
Papenbrock, Jochen. 2021. “Accelerating Interpretable 
Machine Learning for Diversified Portfolio Construction.”  
Technical Blog , NVIDIA DEVELOPER (29 September). https://
developer.nvidia.com/blog/accelerating-interpretable-  
machine-learning-for-diversified-portfolio-construction/ .
Papenbrock, Jochen, and Peter Schwendner. 2015. 
“Handling Risk-On/Risk-Off Dynamics with Correlation 
Regimes and Correlation Networks.” Financial Markets 
and Portfolio Management  29: 125–47 . 
Papenbrock, Jochen, John Ashley, and Peter Schwendner. 
2021. “Accelerated Data Science, AI and GeoAI for 
Sustainable Finance in Central Banking and Supervision.” 
Paper presented at International Conference on Statistics 
for Sustainable Finance, Paris (September). www.bis.org/
ifc/publ/ifcb56_23.pdf .Papenbrock, Jochen, Peter Schwendner, Markus Jaeger, 
and Stephan Krügel. 2021. “Matrix Evolutions: Synthetic 
Correlations and Explainable Machine Learning for 
Constructing Robust Investment Portfolios.” Journal of 
Financial Data Science  3 (2): 51–69 . 
Papenbrock, Jochen, Peter Schwendner, and Philipp 
Sandner. 2021. “Can Adaptive Seriational Risk Parity Tame 
Crypto Portfolios?” Working paper (15 July) . 
Pathak, Jaideep, Shashank Subramanian, Peter Harrington,  
Sanjeev Raja, Ashesh Chattopadhyay, Morteza Mardani,  
Thorsten Kurth, David Hall, Zongyi Li, Kamyar 
Azizzadenesheli, et al. 2022. “FourCastNet: A Global Data-
Driven High-Resolution Weather Model Using Adaptive 
Fourier Neural Operators.” Preprint, arXiv (24 February). 
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.11214v1.pdf .
Patterson, David, Pablo Izquierdo, Paolo Tibaldeschi, 
Susanne Schmitt, Alicia Williams, Janey Bessler, Steven 
Wood, Mike Spaeth, Fei Fang, Ryan Shi, et al. 2022. “The 
Biodiversity Data Puzzle: Exploring Geospatial Approaches 
to Gain Improved ‘Biodiversity’ Insight for Financial Sector 
Applications and the Pressing Need to Catalyze Efforts.” 
WWF-UK (December). www.wwf.org.uk/sites/default/
files/2022-12/The-Biodiversity-Data-Puzzle.pdf .
Schwendner, Peter, Jochen Papenbrock, Markus Jaeger, and 
Stephan Krügel. 2021. “Adaptive Seriational Risk Parity and 
Other Extensions for Heuristic Portfolio Construction Using 
Machine Learning and Graph Theory.” Journal of Financial 
Data Science  3 (4): 65–83 . 
Scott, L. 2018. “Finance—Parallel Processing for Derivative 
Pricing” (March). www.nvidia.com/en-us/on-demand/
session/gtcsiliconvalley2018-s8123/ .
Spatial Finance Initiative. 2021. “State and Trends of Spatial 
Finance 2021: Next Generation Climate and Environmental 
Analytics for Resilient Finance.” www.cgfi.ac.uk/wp-con -
tent/uploads/2021/07/SpatialFinance_Report.pdf .

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  13111. SYMBOLIC AI: A CASE STUDY
Huib Vaessen
Head of Research and Analytics Real Assets, APG Asset Management
14As defined in Gartner’s “Hype Cycle for Emerging Technologies, 2020,” composite AI refers to a “combination of different AI techniques to 
achieve the best result.”The degree to which machines can help in investment deci -
sion making varies widely, depending on the investment 
strategy. The solution discussed in this case study is based 
on symbolic artificial intelligence (AI) and serves invest -
ment teams using fundamental investment strategies.
Samuel: An Automated Real 
Estate Portfolio Management 
Solution Based on Symbolic AI
Samuel is a composite AI14 system that collaborates with 
humans. It acts as a digital colleague that guides the 
human investment team with transparent, systematized, 
and well-substantiated advice. Its decisions are trans -
parently substantiated and can be tracked down to each 
datapoint used, allowing for efficient reconciliation with the 
thought process of the human team.
A composite AI system uses the AI techniques most 
suitable for the result. Although nonsymbolic AI, such as 
machine learning (ML) and its subclass neural networks, 
has gained much attention, many real life use cases war -
rant the use of symbolic AI techniques. Symbolic AI, or 
classical AI, is a collection of techniques that are based 
on human-readable and high-level representations of the 
problem. Examples are rule-based engines and decision trees. It was the dominant approach to AI research 
since its early days through the mid-1990s (Russell and 
Norvig 2020).
First, the use case of an automated portfolio manage -
ment solution for a fundamental investor warrants typical 
symbolic AI techniques because the amount of available 
data on investments and markets has increased but is still 
not sufficient to allow for ML techniques in many cases. 
Second, given that the interaction between human and 
machine is crucial—because humans have to be able to 
understand the reasoning for high-stakes investment 
decisions—the transparency and interpretability of the 
technique is important. Third, typically there is already 
important human knowledge available in a fundamental 
investment team that one might want to leverage. Symbolic 
techniques allow for codifying this human knowledge as 
one can imagine with rule-based systems. Many systems 
built with symbolic AI techniques are called “expert sys -
tems.” In this chapter, mainly systems built with symbolic 
methods are described.
Technically, the automated solution can have many 
forms, but in general, it constitutes the following parts as 
depicted in Exhibit 1 : a knowledge base, data pipelines, 
knowledge pipelines, the calculation engine, and tools 
such as dashboards that interact with the human portfolio 
manager.
Exhibit 1. Example: APG Asset Management Real Estate (APG RE)
The knowledge baseData pipelines Knowledge pipelinesInteraction tools
Calculation engine
Source:  APG Asset Management.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
132   CFA Institute Research FoundationNext, I will discuss each component of Samuel in more 
detail.
The knowledge base  is a database that contains all data 
related to the decision-making process and includes all 
principles that need to be applied to those data in order 
to get the outcomes. The knowledge base is fed by data 
pipelines for the data and knowledge pipelines for the 
principles. Humans are needed to provide oversight. The 
knowledge base can be stored in all kinds of relational and 
graph databases.
The calculation engine  applies the rules to the data and 
stores the outputs in the knowledge base. The calculation 
engine requires human oversight and needs to be config -
ured by humans. It contains a “worker” with CPU (central 
processing unit) power that does the calculations and a 
trigger mechanism that triggers the calculations when 
needed.
Interaction tools  enable the interaction between Samuel 
and humans. The output of Samuel needs to be interpreted 
by humans, and the input needs to be given by humans. 
Interaction tools can have many different forms, ranging 
from dashboards accessible via the web browser to search 
bars and forms for input. If the interaction between the 
humans and the digital colleague is not well organized, 
the hurdles to provide input will be too high and the output 
less valuable. Similarly, if the output cannot be found by 
the right people at the right time, the impact of Samuel 
15ETL is a typical term used to indicate a process that extracts data from one source, transforms it, and loads it into another source.is lost. To ensure appropriate interaction tools, constant 
adoption is needed to embed Samuel in the other business 
processes to minimize the hurdles to use the output and to 
provide input by humans.
The data pipelines  are ETL (extract, transform, load)15 flows 
that ingest data from various sources outside the team. 
Here the IDs are matched, and data are prepared for fur -
ther usage. The formatting of the sources changes over 
time, and data pipelines might have to be adjusted for that. 
Additionally, new data pipelines need to be added over time 
and integrated with the other data. Humans are needed to 
build the pipelines and provide oversight. Data pipelines 
can be written in Python, C++, or any other coding language 
and triggered by an orchestration tool that decides when to 
run the pipeline.
The knowledge pipelines  are an active collaboration 
between humans and Samuel. Knowledge is constantly 
evolving, and as such, the principles need to be updated 
regularly. Thus, it is important that whenever new knowl -
edge is created after a group discussion, this knowledge is 
made explicit and codified in the form of principles. Making 
knowledge explicit is a time-consuming process because 
often implicit knowledge is incomplete or inconsistent over 
persons or situations. Before a team has a set of principles 
that adequately describes the knowledge that is consistent 
among persons and situations, many discussions must 
have been held.
Samuel: APG Real Estate Investment Team’s 
Digital Colleague
The APG real estate investment decision-making process is top down—first an allocation across regions, then 
an allocation across peer groups (sectors) within regions, and lastly the selection of the opportunities within 
each peer group.
The real estate team introduced Samuel in the winter of 2021.
In the initial phase, a team has to map its decision-making process, state which arguments are used, and 
explain how these arguments are substantiated. This part of the process is a project that involves many discus -
sions between the members of the investment team to agree on the relevance of each argument and how to 
substantiate it. This project takes time but is a one-off. After that, refinements of the decision-making process 
are an ongoing add-on so are less intense.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  133Samuel collects all relevant input and updates the model when there are new data available. All this input is 
available for the portfolio managers’ reference and forms the baseline for portfolio decisions. Whenever a human 
proposal is made, Samuel can also challenge that decision.
For example, Samuel updates the rental growth variable in the discounted cash flow model based on preset 
rules. Office rental growth is based on the quality of the building, which, in turn, is determined by the employ -
ment growth of the city, sustainability index of the building, and supply constraint in the market.
At APG Asset Management, the data that are stored in Samuel’s brain are stored in a graph database as 
so-called triples, meaning that each fact is stored as a relation in the form of a subject–predicate–object triple, 
where the predicate defines the relation between the subject and the object. Exhibit 2  shows an example of 
triples and the technology stack.
Exhibit 2. Examples of Triples and the Technology Stack
Ontology = Data modelInstances = Actual dataSubject
Is located inBuilding 1
Building 1
amsterdam
officeamsterdam
netherlands
Is located inbuildingObject
office
amsterdam
netherlands800000
buildingeurope
areaKnowledge GraphProcessed by ETL Tools
Triplestore databasePredicate
domainis a
Is located in
is located inhas population
is a subclass ofis located in
range
…Ontology management tool
Source:  APG Asset Management.
Based on the relations shown in Exhibit 2, Samuel can infer by itself additional triples, such as the number 
of buildings owned by a certain company in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, or Europe. Exhibit 3  shows a more 
complex example.
Storing information as triples with their relations allows for advanced questions where part of the answer is rea -
soned by a reasoner applied on top of the graph database. The following are examples of advanced questions: 
What are the principles that determine the quality of an office? What is the supporting evidence that employ -
ment growth is important for the quality of an office asset? What are the supporting arguments for the attrac -
tiveness of the office building “La Défense”? The triples are stored according to W3C standards, which makes 
retrieving and inference possible because you can use generic tools that work on these standards.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
134   CFA Institute Research FoundationExhibit 3. More Complex Example of Inferred Triples
La Défenseentry yield >
warranted yield
Attractive
Investmentcriterialocated inCity
+10yr employ. growth 
6%
9%+10yr supply as % of stockParis
Officegeo-coordinatesprinciple
principle
principle48.890, 2.242
B-label
3.5%energy label
sector
entry yieldSector
A++ Officewarranted yieldSustainability
PrincipleSupply Prospects
PrincipleEmploy. Growth 
Principlemeasured by +10yr employ.
growth 
>5% p.a.
+10yr supply
 as % of stoc k
<10%
energy label
higher than C
3.2%supporting
evidence
measured bycriteria
criteriacriteria
measured by
InvestmentEmployment Elasticity
4%
3%
2%
1%
–
–1%
–2%
–3%
‘02‘ 04 ‘06 ‘08 ‘10‘ 12 ‘14‘ 16‘18EDelas(1):Office jobs employment growth
Occupied stock growth
∆y/∆x = 1.2x
Source:  APG Asset Management.
The advantages of using a graph database to store the information are that it is easy to add new types of 
data, one can derive new knowledge based on the existing triples, and all data and metadata are stored in 
the same repository (which makes data more searchable while also allowing for a rich description of the data 
for future interpretation) and a graph database (a database that does not consist of multiple tables that need 
to be joined). Both structured and unstructured data can be joined in the same database, as can be seen in 
Exhibit 3, where the supporting document for the employment growth principle is also stored in the same 
graph database.
In the example in Exhibit 3, the calculation engine is Python scripts that are run on a server. A scheduled 
job imports, for example, the employment growth per city via an application programming interface (API) 
from an external provider. The graph database identifies this update as a trigger to start inferencing whether 
“La Défense” still is an A++ quality building given that the employment growth outlook for Paris has changed.
In the example, the main interaction tool is the cloud-based discounted cash flow (DCF) model. This model is 
deeply embedded in the day-to-day workflow of the human portfolio manager. In this cloud-based DCF model, 
Samuel can provide its suggestions for the rental growth as a field right next to the rental growth input field. As 
such, whenever the portfolio manager (PM) needs to enter a growth rate assumption, Samuel’s suggested value 
is always at hand.
Exhibit 4 provides an example of how a news email about a real estate transaction can be read with natural 
language processing techniques and translated into triples for the graph database. The news item reads that 
the company Landsec acquired a stake in a building called MediaCity. The details of the deal can be recorded 
as triples and serve as input—for example, the quality assessment of the portfolio of buildings of the company 
Landsec.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  135How Do PMs Interact 
with Samuel?
Interaction with Samuel during the investment process can 
be grouped into four types: evaluating the buy/hold/sell 
decision, preparing the proposal, portfolio monitoring, and 
letting Samuel learn.
The evaluation of the final decision is the moment where 
the human-proposed action is ranked by Samuel versus all 
other potential actions. If other actions are more favorable, 
the portfolio managers that do the proposal will have to 
explain why they deviate from Samuel.
In preparation of the investment proposal, the human port -
folio manager can be helped by Samuel with contextualized 
information. For example, while making the DCF model, 
Samuel can provide default values. The human PM can 
decide whether to overwrite the assumption or stick with 
Samuel’s assumption.
Compared to the human team, Samuel excels in portfolio 
monitoring. Samuel collects the characteristics to monitor 
from each individual investment and contains the portfolio 
construction principles. As an example, each investment is 
mapped to countries and sectors, all stored in the knowl -
edge base, complemented by the maximum weights that are desired in a country or sector. Samuel can check every 
day whether the aggregated investment exposure to a 
country or sector exceeds the limits. This repetitive work 
fits Samuel well because it comes at limited cost to sched -
ule a daily execution of the check. Variables to monitor, 
such as the valuations of investments, leverage, and the 
beta of the portfolio, can be added at a low cost. The more 
variables of the investment portfolio are monitored, the 
bigger the difference between human and Samuel’s execu -
tion in terms of consistency and effort.
The last interaction discussed here is a flow of information 
from the human portfolio manager to Samuel. Whenever 
after reconciliation of the proposed action with Samuel 
a consistent omission in Samuel’s reasoning is found, its 
principles need to be adjusted. Doing so requires that the 
omission be made explicit, and it has to be made clear 
what new principles need to be added. This adjustment 
requires a well-facilitated discussion and the embedding 
of the new principles and potential new data sources in 
Samuel. This process needs to be guided. The continu -
ous learning aspect is critical. Samuel learns by adding 
new rules and new data pipelines that provide the data 
on which the rules are applied. In this way, the rankings 
become more and more sophisticated and the default 
values harder to ignore.Exhibit 4. Example News Email
Landsec
MediaCity
A++ Officewarranted
APG yield
market evidence3.25 %
Clichy Parislocationstake
size
sector
energy labellocation
gav
yield37 acres
Office
£567.5m
B label
3.15%Kempen Daily
Landsec today announces that it has acquired
a majority stake in MediaCity, a 37 acre media,
digital and tech office hub in Clichy, previously
owned by a 50:50 JV between Legal & General
and Peel L&P. Landsec will partner with Peel L&P
who will retain a 25% stake and continue to serv e
as asset and development manager. MediaCity has
a gross asset value of £567.5m. The location hosts
tenants such as BBC North and ITV to Ericsson,
The Hut Group, Kellogg's and over 250 creative
and tech businesses as well as schools and
universities. It is home to 8,000 residents. Landsec
said that the scheme was renovated 10 years ago
to improve its energy efficiency label to B. It is 96%
let with a WAULT of just under 10 years. It generates
£31.1m of net operating income per annum (100%),
reflecting a 3.15% net initial yield.
Source:  APG Asset Management.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
136   CFA Institute Research FoundationHow Does Samuel Improve 
Results?
Building and maintaining an automated system such as 
Samuel requires attention to the investment process on a 
higher abstraction level than a typical portfolio manager is 
used to. It demands attention for when and which informa -
tion is needed for which decision. It also involves skills that 
are not traditionally available in a fundamental investment 
team, such as ontology building, data engineering, and 
software engineering.
These skills can be embedded in the organization in various 
ways, ranging from being centrally located to being located 
within the investment team (T-shaped teams) or within 
each investment professional (T-shaped skills). T-shaped 
teams are crucial for the development and maintenance 
of a recommender system such as Samuel. A T-shaped 
team is a team that contains individuals with the traditional 
investment skill sets, those with the data- and technolo -
gy-related skill sets, and those with a mix of these skill sets 
(CFA Institute 2021).The advantages of collaborating with a digital colleague are 
threefold. First, it improves decision making by countering 
human cognitive biases. A simple rule-based model tends 
to outperform human judgment (Kahneman, Sibony, and 
Sunstein 2021) because cognitive biases cause bias in 
decision making. By codifying best practices and applying 
them consistently, Samuel improves decision quality. There 
is usually unwanted variation in human decision making 
that is not warranted by the facts. This noise can be across 
persons or from the same person at different times. Experts 
typically believe they are themselves consistent and 
believe that other experts would decide in a similar fash -
ion as themselves. However, research by Kahneman et al. 
(2021) shows that, for example, underwriting experts who 
are presented the same case have material differences 
in their judgments. Samuel makes judgments based on 
agreed-on principles and guidelines and, as such, provides 
a consistent benchmark.
The second advantage is that it is more transparent. 
Transparency in decision making allows the investment team 
to explain clearly to clients and stakeholders how their deci -
sion was formed. For example, you can track how responsi -
ble investment considerations affect your decision making.Use Case APG Real Estate (continued)
Within the real estate team at APG Asset Management, Samuel is embedded in the investment process in 
several ways. The global team covers an investment universe of 300 listed real estate companies and sources 
hundreds of private investment opportunities annually. As such, there is a high volume of investment proposals 
that need to be evaluated.
Each investment proposal is discussed by the team in an initial phase. A subteam of the global real estate team 
is tasked with interpreting the outcomes of Samuel and challenging the proposal on the basis of Samuel’s input 
during the discussion. After this initial screening, all attractive propositions are worked out in more detail, and 
then they are presented to the Real Estate Investment Committee. The output of the digital colleague also is 
presented to the committee.
While building the proposal, the portfolio manager is helped by contextualized suggestions embedded in the 
workflow. The cash flow model is cloud based and transparent for all members of the investment team globally. 
Samuel interacts with the human portfolio manager by providing contextualized information within the model in 
the form of references, such as growth expectations from external research providers, or default values, such 
as data-generated rental growth forecasts and discount rates. In our example of rental growth, the PM sees a 
proposed rental growth generated by Samuel. The PM can click through via the web browser to the components. 
Then, each component, such as the quality rating, is further substantiated.
Another argument, besides the output of the DCF, is, for example, portfolio fit: How does this fit in the top-down 
vision on sector and countries, and how does this contribute to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) 
goals? Samuel provides an automatic assessment of these factors to be used in the proposal. Whenever there 
are reasons to deviate, these can be addressed in the proposal.

Handbook of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications in Investments
CFA Institute Research Foundation  137The third advantage is improved efficiency of the deci -
sion-making process and results. The final decision is 
supported by arguments, and these arguments are the 
result of many decisions on a lower level that are typically 
less complex and made more frequently, some of which 
can be externally sourced and provided via Samuel. Another 
example of a lower-level decision that can be automated 
to a high degree would be the building blocks for the dis -
count rate that is used. Many of these can be automatically 
updated by Samuel.
Although Samuel is a valuable addition to any investment 
team, it is also worthwhile to discuss the edge of the 
human portfolio manager over Samuel and show why a 
collaboration is so important.
First, humans can form a vision of the future and adjust 
their assumptions toward that future. Samuel relies on 
principles that were formed in the past (by humans) and 
might not yet have been adjusted to a new reality, such 
as in March 2020 when COVID-19 was affecting the world. 
A human portfolio manager knows when old principles are 
not applicable anymore given that the circumstances have 
changed.
Second, Samuel likely cannot operate on its own. Although 
parts of arguments can be input automatically with data 
from external sources combined with predefined principles, 
there are also many assumptions for which you need a 
human eye. Samuel uses the human assumptions where 
needed and takes its own assumptions if data and prin -
ciples are available. In that sense, the output of Samuel is 
also based on human input.Lastly, there are likely edge cases in which the systematic 
way of thinking does not translate well. These cases must 
be recognized by humans. In the end, Samuel bases its 
decision on a simplified model of reality.
Conclusion
The role of machines in the decision-making process will 
grow. Having a digital portfolio manager on the team can 
improve the quality of decision making, transparency, 
and efficiency. To build and maintain an automated digital 
portfolio management solution, it is necessary to embed 
nontraditional investment skill sets, such as ontology build -
ing, data engineering, and software engineering, within the 
investment department.
References
CFA Institute. 2021. “T-Shaped Teams: Organizing to Adopt 
AI and Big Data at Investment Firms.” www.cfainstitute.
org/-/media/documents/article/industry-research/  
t-shaped-teams.pdf .
Kahneman, Daniel, Olivier Sibony, and Cass Sunstein. 2021. 
Noise: A Flaw in Human Judgment . New York: Little, Brown 
Spark.
Russell, Stuart, and Peter Norvig. 2020. Artificial Intelligence: 
A Modern Approach , 4th US ed. Hoboken, NJ: Prentice Hall.



Ameritech
Anonymous
Robert D. Arnott
Theodore R. Aronson, CFA
Asahi Mutual Life Insurance Company
Batterymarch Financial Management
Boston Company
Boston Partners Asset Management, L.P.
Gary P. Brinson, CFA
Brinson Partners, Inc.
Capital Group International, Inc.
Concord Capital Management
Dai-Ichi Life Insurance Company
Daiwa Securities
Mr. and Mrs. Jeffrey Diermeier
Gifford Fong Associates
John A. Gunn, CFA
Investment Counsel Association of America, Inc.
Jacobs Levy Equity Management
Jon L. Hagler Foundation
Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan, Ltd.
Lynch, Jones & Ryan, LLC
Meiji Mutual Life Insurance CompanyMiller Anderson & Sherrerd, LLP
John B. Neff, CFA
Nikko Securities Co., Ltd.
Nippon Life Insurance Company of Japan
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Payden & Rygel
Provident National Bank
Frank K. Reilly, CFA
Salomon Brothers
Sassoon Holdings Pte. Ltd.
Scudder Stevens & Clark
Security Analysts Association of Japan
Shaw Data Securities, Inc.
Sit Investment Associates, Inc.
Standish, Ayer & Wood, Inc.
State Farm Insurance Company
Sumitomo Life America, Inc.
T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.
Templeton Investment Counsel Inc.
Frank Trainer, CFA
Travelers Insurance Co.
USF&G Companies
Yamaichi Securities Co., Ltd.Named Endowments
CFA Institute Research Foundation acknowledges with sincere gratitude the generous contributions of the Named 
Endowment participants listed below. 
Gifts of at least US$100,000 qualify donors for membership in the Named Endowment category, which recognizes 
in perpetuity the commitment toward unbiased, practitioner-oriented, relevant research that these firms and 
individuals have expressed through their generous support of CFA Institute Research Foundation.
For more on upcoming CFA Institute Research Foundation publications  
and webcasts, please visit www.cfainstitute.org/research/foundation .Senior Research Fellows
Financial Services Analyst Association

CFA Institute
Research Foundation 
Board of Trustees
2022–2023
Officers and Directors Chair
Aaron Low, PhD, CFA
LUMIQ 
Vice Chair
Joanne Hill, PhD
Cboe Vest LLC
Amra Balic
BlackRock
Aaron Brown, CFA
City of Calgary
Kati Eriksson, CFA
Danske BankFrank Fabozzi, CFA*
The Johns Hopkins University 
Carey Business School
Margaret Franklin, CFA
CFA Institute
Bill Fung, PhD
Aventura, FL
Heinz Hockmann, PhD
Lovell Minnick Partners LLC
Punita Kumar-Sinha, CFA
InfosysKingpai Koosakulnirund, CFA
CFA Society Thailand
Lotta Moberg, PhD, CFA
William Blair
Maureen O’Hara, PhD*
Cornell University
Dave Uduanu, CFA
Sigma Pensions Ltd
Kurt D. Winkelmann
Navega Strategies, LLC
Executive Director
Bud Haslett, CFA
CFA Institute
Gary P. Brinson Director of Research
Laurence B. Siegel
Blue Moon Communications
Research Director
Luis Garcia-Feijóo, CFA, CIPM
Coral Gables, FloridaSecretary
Jessica Lawson
CFA Institute
Treasurer
Kim Maynard
CFA Institute
Research Foundation Review Board*Emeritus
William J. Bernstein, PhD
Efficient Frontier Advisors
Elroy Dimson, PhD
Cambridge Judge Business  
School
Stephen Figlewski, PhD
New York University
William N. Goetzmann, PhD
Yale School of Management
Elizabeth R. Hilpman
Barlow Partners, Inc.Paul D. Kaplan, PhD, CFA
Morningstar, Inc.
Robert E. Kiernan III
Advanced Portfolio Management
Andrew W. Lo, PhD
Massachusetts Institute  
of Technology
Alan Marcus, PhD
Boston College
Paul O’Connell, PhD
FDO PartnersKrishna Ramaswamy, PhD
University of Pennsylvania
Andrew Rudd, PhD
Advisor Software, Inc.
Stephen Sexauer
Allianz Global Investors Solutions
Lee R. Thomas, PhD
Pacific Investment Management 
Company



CAO
Available online at www.cfainstitute.orgMONOGRAPH / HANDBOOK OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
AND BIG DATA APPLICATIONS IN INVESTMENTS9781952 927331ISBN 978-1-952927-33-1