
----- PAGE 1/30 -----
[PAGE 1: NO TEXT LAYER — scanned image, OCR required]

----- PAGE 2/30 -----
CONTENTS
 
About the book
About the author
Achievements and works
Disclaimer
Introduction
Options and types
Selecting strike price
Open interest analysis
CPR, trendlines, area of level and stochastic
Implementing the strategy
 


----- PAGE 3/30 -----
ABOUT THE BOOK
 
THERE ARE MANY SOURCES SUCH AS BOOKS, YOUTUBE
VIDEOS AND INSTITUTIONS PREVAILING IN THIS 21st CENTURY
ABOUT THE VAST STOCKMARKET IDEAS IN THE WHOLE
WORLD. BUT WAIT…AFTER YOU FINISH THIS BOOK, YOU WILL
BE ABLE TO MAKE THE BEST TRADES IN THE STOCK MARKET
WITH MOST PROBABLE TECHNICAL ANALYSIS FOR THE SAKE
OF EVERYONE.
 
From there, we are filtering the idea of making money in the OPTION
BUYING sector. Cut to last 10 years, the emergence of stock market taking
over the world is huge based on the very best reasons such as the
inflationary circumstances faced by the government and the public,
unemployment and low index/basic pay leading to huge crisis of the
negativity in monetary wealth creation disorder among the middleclass.
Now, let us learn only how to make money for yourself instead of
discussing how billionaires made money. Come on, lets draw our path


----- PAGE 4/30 -----
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 
Akshay is a young prominent stock market option intraday buyer from
Kerala, India. He uses a single strategy to trade every day and make fixed
profits on Bank nifty index in the Indian stock market options. After
spending several years of trading methods and hundreds of strategies, he
developed an existing strategy and improved it to the best to build the best
output to every stock market enthusiast thereby opening the door to public.
The copyright and any regulation on this content is completely relied on
him. He has an online platform which educate people with free sessions on
basics of stock market and the only paid session is this intraday option
strategy session which he says already as “it’s gonna be worth your money
and my time” (vulgar grey options).


----- PAGE 5/30 -----
ACHIEVEMENTS AND WORKS
 
“Vulgar grey options” platform founder of online options training.
OISCA International Leadership certification at 15 years old.


----- PAGE 6/30 -----
DISCLAIMER
No stocks are recommended in this content. Any stock which is used by
name is for educational purposes only. Back test the strategy once you
finish the book. The elements in the content is very precise and anyone who
knows a basic knowledge about stock market can apply this. I want you all
to win and earn more and gain that freedom you have always dreamed of.
However the creator is not responsible for any loss or profit made by the
users. Keep with the content and stay winning. Thankyou


----- PAGE 7/30 -----
 
 
 
 
 
 
NIFTY BANK INTRADAY OPTION
BUYING SINGLE SUCCESSFUL
STRATEGY
Safest strategy
 
 
 
AKSHAY VG


----- PAGE 8/30 -----
INTRODUCTION
Do you think I’m insane?? No never…When you finish this content, you
would thank yourself for something you did for yourself. This is not
creating a hype only, this is what you want and which nobody gave to
anyone till now in a readable and re accessible content form with this much
positive outputs.
Options is a really volatile market where the price movements are really
drastic. When you go forward through the content it might seem easy but it
is not. Discipline is exactly what we need at the end of the day. Here we are
going to discuss the option trading strategy anyone could use and back test
in any market and validate yourself. I will tell you how to do that but before
that we have already validated all the setup in the bank nifty index. So
going on forward we are more going to discuss about the same trading setup
with Bank nifty. Stay with me, don’t worry, you will make money once you
finish the contents and let’s see how we are going to do that. So as a whole,
we will just start from the basics at a glance and essential stuffs to follow up
with that and end up with what we want.


----- PAGE 9/30 -----
OPTIONS AND TYPES
Options are financial instruments that are derivatives based on the value of
underlying securities such as stocks/index. An options contract offers the
buyer the opportunity to buy or sell depending on the type of contract they
hold of the underlying asset.
Options are financial derivatives that give buyers the right, but not the
obligation, to buy or sell an underlying asset at an agreed upon price and
date.
Call options and put options form the basis for a wide range of option
strategies designed for hedging, income, or speculation.
Although there are many opportunities to profit with options, investors
should carefully weigh the risks.
 
So after all these I think it is time to get you know that it is a “contract”
between a buyer and a seller who has been agreed upon or speculated upon
an underlying asset/security.
An options contract is an agreement between a buyer and seller that gives
the buyer the right to buy or sell a particular asset at a later date (expiration
date) and at an agreed upon price (strike price).
Since the buyer has an “option” to buy or not but the seller is under the
“obligation” to sell, seller charges an amount upfront as advance or security
deposit or premium. This is called as the Option Premium. The premium is
never given back.
We will discuss the logic now. Let’s go with a day to day activity…
You are selling your used Mercedes Benz for 20,00000. A party came
through and got convinced about the condition of the vehicle and agreed he
would come and buy this car after 2 weeks. In this situation you will be
asking an advance for 2 reasons. One, what is the guarantee which he will
come after two weeks and secondly you are avoiding other buyers for
giving the car to him. In this case you will ask for an advance of 50,000 and
tell him “okay, come after 2 weeks, car will be under my custody. Pay an
advance of 50,000 and if you don’t come, I will keep it”. What if he said he


----- PAGE 10/30 -----
will come after two days??Would you still charge 50,000?? No…You might
charge 5000 or 10,000 maximum. The same logic is applied in the options
market also. The more the time, the more the risk therefore the more
uncertainty, the more premium. Here is the revealing of time decay or theta
decay in the options market.
When the expiry is getting near, the premium is tend to reduce and when the
expiry is far away, the more the premium, even when the volume is low.
(Think the difference between weekly expiry and monthly expiry)


----- PAGE 11/30 -----
Types of options
CALL and PUT are the two types of options.
If you think the price of the security/asset will shoot up, you will buy a call
option and if you think the price of the security won’t go above a specific
price level, you sell the call at that specific strike price.
If you think the price of the security/asset will go down, you buy a put
option and if you think the price of the security won’t go below a specific
level, you sell the put at that specific strike price. Option sellers has
unlimited loss potential and huge capital margin.  Let us avoid that now.
For an option buyer taking delivery, the premium will be the maximum loss
for him which is deducted at the entry time itself. At the same time the
option buyer has the unlimited profit potential. Note that the option buyer’s
profit will be the profit above the premium he has already paid.
Example :- I have bought a call option which is a delivery, of 1 lot(25 qty)
of bank nifty at a premium of 20 Rs. The premium I have paid during the
entry will be 500.So if my profit and loss account shows 400 profit, I am
actually in 100 loss.(Premium paid minus Profit). I will be in profit only
after 500 Rs in my Profit and loss account which is my breakeven. I hope
you get the idea.
As we are option buyers let us focus on buying only, and upon that we are
not talking about delivery too, we are intraday traders who make profit in
the morning to evening session when market is live.


----- PAGE 12/30 -----
SELECTING STRIKE PRICE
Strike price is the price which the derivative contract can be bought or sold
when the option is exercised. Exercising the option simply means an option
buyer will sell the security for profit and an option seller will buy which is
an obligation.
Coming to strike price, it is a list of prices of a security which call and put
option participants speculate of.
For example ;- Bank nifty now at 35000.I am saying that it won’t go above
36000 in two days(expiry after two days). So I sell the call option at 36000
CE strike price which the buyers premium will be my profit if it happens so.
One more example,  I am saying bank nifty will reach 35600 in two days,
so I will buy the 35600 CE call option and hold till expiry for maximum
returns.
Now let us go to the intraday process. How to select a strike price for
intraday option buying.(Note that premium will be deducted only in case of
delivery, for intraday it is just like trading in stocks. Each penny will be our
profit itself)
For that we need to know what is In The Money(ITM), Out of The
Money(OTM) and At The Money(ATM).
It is really simple as it seems. Let us understand that with an example
For call options
Let’s say Bank nifty market price is at 36030 now. So 36000 will be ATM
and all strike prices under ATM will be ITM which is for example
35900,35800,35700,35000 etc and all strike prices above ATM will be
OTM. And ATM is the nearest strike price to the current market price. It is
as simple as that.
 
For put options
Let us take the same example mentioned just above. ATM will be 36000,
but the OTM strike prices will be the 35900,35800 etc and all strike prices


----- PAGE 13/30 -----
above the ATM will be ITM for puts. Guys, only think from a buyer’s
mindset. We are option buyers…
So when we come to the end of this section, what you understand would be
“OTM in calls will be ITM in puts” and vice versa.
Now.. as we know from a buyer’s mindset, our target will be an Out of the
money strike price right? Yes in both cases.
Example :- Nifty market price at 15000.I think nifty will touch 15150 today
itself. So I will be buying 15150 CE which this strike price will become
ATM when nifty reaches there and I will get maximum profit as the
maximum volume and volatility is always presented in the ATM strike
prices. Same in the case of put options too. We always try to choose slightly
OTM for the best profit and movement in prices.
 
 
 
 
So concluding from here, our strike price to trade, whether it is a put or a
call, always choose slightly OTM (2 to 4 strikes away from ATM) except
the day of expiry. I would suggest trade in ITM at the day of expiry where
that day is completely volatile and theta decay will be huge for option
strikes because all OTM strikes are expiring at zero intrinsic value that day.


----- PAGE 14/30 -----
OPEN INTEREST ANALYSIS
 
What is open interest?
It is the total number of contracts on a security(options and futures
usually)which is outstanding as of now and not yet settled. Therefore 1
open interest in a security strike price or futures means there is 1 buyer and
1 seller at that specific period of time. Guess what? A single open interest
of a security reveals that there is one contract existing on that security at
that period of time which involves a buyer and a seller because there must
be a seller to make the buyer. It is that simple.
So 1 OI =1 buyer + 1 seller
Now, let us now analyse how we make open interest work for our trades to
make it at it’s best.
First thing is always seek open interest from the side of a seller/writers(we
are intraday buyers but for our analysis we should analyse OI from the side
of a seller).I will tell you the reason…options sellers are the ones who are
playing huge in the stock market as they stake high margins for trades
because of their unlimited loss potential. That is the main reason behind
why we should see OI from the side of a writer. We all know the side of a
buyer where having only limited loss.
Now let us look at an example of bank nifty…
Suppose current market price of bank nifty is 35000..and price is moving
upward and upward just like 35050..35100..35200..now analyse the highest
OI put and call option. If the market goes up and the call OI is decreasing,
we must look forward for a long build up where market is more likely to be
bullish as the sellers are exiting their positions to new strikes. On the other
side where if the OI decrease in call and market is going up just like we
said.. it will be more likely to be a fall incoming signal before the market
reaches that strike price level.
Let us conclude the ideas here


----- PAGE 15/30 -----
Market moving up + Call OI increase = Fall incoming probably just before
the market reaches or touches the strike price area which the strike price
become ATM.
Market moving up + Call OI decrease = Market is more likely to break that
level of strike price and you should look for long opportunities now.
Market moving up + Put OI increase = Market is more likely to consolidate
or move up but not down in any way. So look for long opportunities during
break of patterns and other breakouts.
Market moving up + Put OI decrease = Signals market is ready to fall
anytime soon and there is a high probability
Market moving down + Call OI increase = Consolidation or fall incoming
signal where call sellers are more confident at that level of strike price.
Market moving down + Call OI decrease = Anytime reversal momentum
will be probably incoming and wait for a reversal.
Market moving down + Put OI increase = Anytime reversal probability is
really high.
Market moving down + Put OI decrease = Market is likely to fall and break
that level so look out for shorting opportunities instead of going long.
 
Other uses of OI is, it helps us to exit any losing trades before hitting the
stoploss and manage our capital. Analyse 2-3 factors whenever you enter a
trade for maximum certainty. (For winners only).
As we have seen the OI analysis, I think now you will be able to watch
market in a little bit different way.
All open interest related information will be updated live in the NSE official
website.


----- PAGE 16/30 -----
CPR, TRENDLINES, AREA OF LEVEL
AND STOCHASTIC
These 4 materials are crucial for our strategy implementation.
Let us consider the CPR first which is the Central Pivot Range and one of
the best indicators available and used by professionals. All you have to do
is selecting the CPR by KGS from the Trading view software. Now select
only the list I am going to tell you ..avoid or deselect every other levels.
Daily pivot
Daily R1
Daily R2
Daily R3
Daily R4
Daily S1
Daily S2
Daily S3
Daily S4
Previous Day high
Previous day low
R indicates every possible resistance levels  for that day and S indicates the
support levels for that specific day. Each day CPR will change data
according to the updated data everyday. We don’t have to know how it is
calculated because you can refer that in youtube .. we have so much other
things to do.. let us move forward and do not waste anytime..
Daily pivot is the central pivot which will be a great resistance and a great
support too at the same time.
 
Now you have to draw the best resistances, supports and trendlines in 4
hour and 1 hour timeframe in the security chart you will be trading. Do


----- PAGE 17/30 -----
it. We need it for the strategy.
Now the next step will be drawing the area of level which is not a straight
support or resistance. Draw the area of level( looks like a rectangular area)
in the 1 hour and 4 hour time frame. It is used to locate the consolidation
areas and massive breakouts. The area of level might look like the
illustration given below.
 


----- PAGE 18/30 -----
We need something else too right? For some momentum analysation we
need something else other than the technical side. Stochastic!!! I want you
to use stochastic with values 5,3,3… in the 5 minute timeframe.. just do it…
It’s  going to be worth it.
 Stochastic oscillator is a momentum indicator comparing a particular
closing price of a security to a range of its prices over a certain period of
time. The sensitivity of the oscillator to market movements is reducible by
adjusting that time period or by taking a moving average of the result.
Analysing the stochastic is really simple just like RSI. Above 80 default
value will be overbought signal and below 20 default value will be over
sold signal. So what happens to a security when it is over bought? The
answer is profit booking will happen and crashes from that top and vice
versa when it is oversold. Do not take trading entries just by looking at the
stochastic overbought and oversold signal. Never be that guy. Be more
smarter than that.
Now we have our CPR, stochastic, area of levels and Trendlines you have
drawn. What we need to do now is combine all of them into one single
picture. Yeah.. we are going to do that now


----- PAGE 19/30 -----
IMPLEMENTING THE STRATEGY
Before we move into the strategy, I want you all to remember what all we
have right now which is CPR, stochastic, trendlines and area of levels.
Now let’s go straight to the strategy which is “two candle breakout”. We
are going to trade the breakout of the very first two candles when the
market opens. Which timeframe you want to know right?? 5 minute time
frame. Yes…that is true, we are going to trade the first two 5 minute
candles forming in the market. From now onwards we are only focusing on
bank nifty which this strategy works 100% purely every day.
Draw the resistance and support of the 5 minute candles without including
the wick just like the illustration below.
 
 
 
If the candle body size is really small, draw the lines including the wick just
like the illustration below. And you will have a doubt which you will see


----- PAGE 20/30 -----
small body and really longest wick opening candles. In that case we doesn’t
need the wick, we only draw over the body not the wick, just like in the 1st
case illustration.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


----- PAGE 21/30 -----
When the 3rd or 5th or the candle that break outs and close outside the line
we have drawn first, to the down side or upside, trade it. This is the entry
part which you will buy a call or buy a put of a strike price which is slightly
OTM of bank nifty. You can also take entry before the candle closes by
analysing the momentum and volume in HDFC bank, ICICI bank or Kotak
Mahindra bank individual chart with same technical analysis criteria.
The incoming part is the exit part where you will get out of the trade with
some profit carefully. This would seem easy but it is not.. follow me till the
end. This is where you should not be greedy, over emotional or in an
overtrading mentality.
Note that our strategy can be only used once in a day and it usually happens
in the morning session. It keeps us safe from overtrading and losing trades.
Let’s move forward and see what is special in the exit part.
When you take an entry, the most important part is the location allocation of
the stoploss. Where are you going to put your stoploss? We will see it…
move on...
Let’s call the area between our two lines which we drawn at the top and
down of the candles as “zone”.
There are different cases for locating the stoploss and this is the part where
we use the CPR, stochastic, trendlines and area of levels.
1st case is the scenario where there is no CPR levels, trendlines and
area of level in the zone, which we will put our stoploss in the other line we
have drawn. See the illustration below. Here you will put your stoploss in
the bottom black support line and entry on upper black resistance line
 
 


----- PAGE 22/30 -----
2nd case is the scenario where there is one or more levels in the zone which
may be one of the levels of CPR, or any of the trendlines, any
support/resistance line or any area of level. If that is the case, your stoploss
should be that if it is inside the zone. You don’t have to ride the loss until
the bottom line if that is the case. Most important CPR lines are Previous
day high and low, green coloured resistance lines and red coloured support
lines. Avoid the trade if the candles are forming inside the rectangular area
of level. We should protect our capital and take the best trades. It is shown
in the illustration below. Suppose the black bold line defines the previous
day high line of the CPR, therefore your stoploss would be that CPR line
not the bottom black line of the 1st candle. Hope you guys get the idea. It
might seem a little tricky to some people but daily practice makes you
easily adaptable. It is always the toughest tasks which will make our lives
easier and happy right?? Haha.. not said by me…Still it is not the end..
follow me further…let’s go.. we have to discuss some more about this..
some more things to be taken care of.
 
 
 
 


----- PAGE 23/30 -----
[PAGE 23: NO TEXT LAYER — scanned image, OCR required]

----- PAGE 24/30 -----
Look at this case where there is a CPR or a resistance above or below the
lines we have drawn whichever we seeking the breakout. While looking at
this, suppose the black line shows the CPR daily support, if that is the case
we should use that black line instead of the red line we have drawn. That is,
we will trade the break out of the CPR support not the line we have drawn.
Hope everyone get the idea. Read it twice..! Concluding the idea, we should
realise that when there is any other levels(one or more may be) nearby our
lines, we should respect that lines and must avoid the level drawn by us. In
that case draw the line just above the CPR level or any support/resistance
level whichever is bottom last or top last depending on the circumstance. It
is applicable in both ways where there is a bullish breakout or a bearish
breakout.
 
 
 
Now we have discussed 3 important criteria of how to draw the 2 candle
levels in different scenarios, how to put stoploss in different scenarios and
how to take entry in different circumstances.. now we have to find out how
to fix the target of our entry. It is completely divided into two major
strategies. And they are..:-


----- PAGE 25/30 -----
 1) Percentage wise target
 2) Level based target
First let us discuss about percentage wise target which is really simple as
exit the position when it gives 4 to 10% of returns on the deployed capital
on that specific trade. Read it again!!
Now the key stuff “the level based target” should be mastered. After the
entry there would be key CPR levels above(in case of bullish trades) and
below(in case of bearish or shorting) which we listed before and counts 11
key levels. Our target should be in an area which is 30% away downside of
the CPR or any other levels(draw precise levels) if it is a bullish trade and
30% upside of the CPR or any other levels out there if it is a bearish trade.
In other way.. if our bullish entry on bank nifty is at 35000 and next CPR
level is at 35120...exiting on 30% away from the CPR or any other level
means your exit should be at 35080 to 35090 area. That is how you ride the
trade. No huge profits. Fixed percentage income without any risk.
In other words ride 60 to 75% of the area in profit zone( distance between
entry and very next CPR/resistance/support/area of level depending on the
type of trade) which is exactly equal to 30% away from the levels as we
discussed in the above paragraph.


----- PAGE 26/30 -----
[PAGE 26: NO TEXT LAYER — scanned image, OCR required]

----- PAGE 27/30 -----
 
 
Applying the same aspect in the bearish trades too, will give the same
output as mentioned above. The strategy may seem simple for some folks
and little worrying to the other half. But all I want to tell you is I have been
back tested this strategy for years in the bank nifty index and is successful
in every aspect. All the best to everyone. Keep winning…


----- PAGE 28/30 -----
 
There are some stuffs you need to be taken care of while using the same
strategy and they are listed below for your convenience
Do not trade with this strategy on Fridays.
In trading, knowledge is 10% and discipline covers 90%.
Strict stoploss as we mentioned above … read the article again and
again until it reflects in your brain as a piece of light.
Always remember the candle timeframe we trade is 5 minute
Below 3 losing trades per month
This strategy is currently back tested and confirmed in the bank
nifty index chart in the National Stock Exchange of India only.
There are 4 key separation for the content in this book, they are
1) The drawing part
2) Entry part
3) Stoploss part
            4) Exit part 
Try to learn with this key words and be an expert in  intraday option
market.


----- PAGE 29/30 -----
Now I will tell you how to back test this strategy in any other market
worldwide and confirm it’s respect level. Just like we did from the
beginning, draw the 5 minute two candle support and resistance accordingly
and try to find if the first breakout gives our target and accordingly step by
step, apply each and every condition of our discussions in that market. Back
test at least with 5 to 6 months data. If everything is respected, you won.. oh
no no nooo!!!
WE WON!!


----- PAGE 30/30 -----
For every traders who find struggling at the beginning and even at the
intermediate stage, all you have to focus on is developing your own
strategies and back test it as much as possible and trade according to that.
Always remember that indicators can only support or extra confirm our
trade quality, price action is the parent of anyone out there, nothing else can
an indicator do. If you take list 10 best traders in the world, each and every
one of them is only in one single aspect of trading, if one is an option
buyer.. the other would be an option seller and the third one would be a
forex analyst.. just like that. If you want success in your trading journey,
analyse and back test. That is all you can do. And one day you will find
your routine correctly for sure(I promise that)and move accordingly with it
followed by high discipline.
Now you can back test my strategy in the bank nifty index and build
yourself from there. Wish everyone all the best regards from Akshay VG.
 
If you find the content successful in any aspect, kindly review the book
from what you feel inside.
